Nukes:  Good News...and Bad // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 213Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 38Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 74Corporations or politicians hurting America? 13The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 01, 2010| 8 commentsNukes:  Good News...and Badsource: http://ArmsControlWonk.comAn error occurred while setting up video display.cztheday added thisJanuary 1, 2010 The most recent issue of the journal Foreign Affairs raises the question of whether the nuclear order is on the verge of collapse. The pessimists cite North Korea and Iran, and conclude that events of the past year have seriously undermined international efforts to stem the spread of nuclear weapons.But seen through the prism of history, the state of nuclear proliferation may not be all that dire.President Obama made it clear early in his presidency that containing the spread of nuclear weapons was one of his most important goals.In April in Prague, he outlined a vision of a world without nuclear weapons, and committed his administration to pursuing that goal.But at that very moment, North Korea tested a long-range missile and was threatening another underground nuclear test, prompting the president to strike a tough tone about nations that violate the nonproliferation norm."Rules must be binding. Violations must be punished. Words must mean something," Obama said.Only a few weeks later, North Korea did conduct its second underground nuclear explosion.A challenge has also come from Iran. In September, Obama revealed that Iran was building a secret uranium-enrichment facility, sharpening suspicions that Tehran is indeed seeking a covert nuclear weapons capability.Progress Despite North Korea, IranSo, the year 2009 has been a dismal one for the international regime of nuclear arms control. Or has it? asks Joshua Pollack, who writes for the Web site ArmsControlWonk.com."One way to look at it a little differently is not that the regime is cracking or that the regime is failing, but that the regime has succeeded in retarding the pace of proliferation and continues to do so, but isn't going to catch everything," he says.Since the first atomic bomb was detonated in 1945, the past decade has seen the fewest nuclear tests of any comparable period, notes Michael Krepon, president emeritus of the Stimson Center in Washington."Never before have there been so few nuclear tests as in this past decade. This is a norm. It can still be broken. But the country that breaks the norm does not gain points. It loses standing," he says.Negotiations With RussiaThe concerns of the Obama administration are wider than Iran and North Korea. The president also wants to see a dramatic reduction in the number of nuclear warheads deployed by the U.S. and Russia. Secretary of State Hillary Clinton made that clear in a speech she gave in Washington in October."Clinging to nuclear weapons in excess of our security needs does not make the United States safer. And the nuclear status quo is neither desirable nor sustainable. It gives other countries the motivation  or the excuse  to pursue their own nuclear options," she said.The administration concluded that the way to pursue those goals is through new arms control negotiations with Moscow, a mechanism largely ignored by the administration of George W. Bush.But there is a big problem: The START treaty expired on Dec. 5, 2009. The treaty, signed in 1991 by then-Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev and President George H.W. Bush, was the first and most important treaty that began the process of nuclear reductions at the end of the Cold War.Before the deadline, the U.S. and Russia tried but failed to negotiate a new treaty. Nonetheless, there is much to be optimistic about, says Joe Cirincione, president of the Ploughshares Fund, a grant-making foundation that funds initiatives to prevent the spread and use of nuclear weapons."The overall climate is so much improved, and the overall effort to just dramatically reduce nuclear weapons and increase the transparency gives us lots of assurances," he says.The U.S. and Russia are still negotiating, but there are some significant problems. For the Russians, the big issue is American missile defenses. Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin made it clear this week that he sees U.S. missile defenses as a threat to Russia's nuclear deterrent."Our American partners are building missile defense systems, as is known, and we are not. If we do not develop [anti-ballistic missile] systems, then a threat appears. Because having created such an umbrella, our partners may feel completely protected and will do what they want. Aggressiveness will surge," Putin said.To preserve balance, Putin added, Russia will need to develop additional offensive weapons. That could jeopardize the efforts to reduce deployed nuclear warheads. Right now, both the U.S. and Russia have set a target of about 1,600 if there is a new treaty.Focus On Proliferation In 2010For some arms control advocates and for other nations, that number is still too high and the process far too slow. Krepon says reductions in nuclear warheads must come carefully and incrementally."You don't get to deep cuts in nuclear forces, and you don't get to zero, without having a strong, credible nuclear deterrent. If the deterrent is not safe and secure and credible along this long journey, there will be great disruption," he says.Next year will be a crucial one. The Obama administration plans to focus even more attention on nuclear proliferation in 2010, with a global conference on the subject scheduled for April.http://www.npr.org/templates/story/story.php?storyId=122115802 groups:News, International Relations tags:|8 comments// Nukes:  Good News...and Badhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0jubalI just got through watching the "Martian Chronicles" by Ray Bradbury. It was on TV today. I didn't remember the show very much but was very surprised to see how much there was about the ever feared NUCLEAR HOLOCAUST.In the story, Earth ends up having an all out nuclear war and every thing is wiped out. Only a few colonists on Mars survive, after most of them go back to earth to fight the war, and ironically die in the holocaust.There were similar messages in "Martian Chronicles" as there were in "Avatar". 1 year agoflag  reply0treewolf39The Hundredth Monkey TheoryA Story About Social Change And Evolution, By Ken Keyes Jr.The Japanese monkey, Macaca Fuscata, had been observed in the wild for a period of over 30 years. In 1952, on the island of Koshima, scientists were providing monkeys with sweet potatoes dropped in the sand. The monkey liked the taste of the raw sweet potatoes, but they found the dirt unpleasant. An 18-month-old female named Imo found she could solve the problem by washing the potatoes in a nearby stream. She taught this trick to her mother. Her playmates also learned this new way and they taught their mothers too. This cultural innovation was gradually picked up by various monkeys before the eyes of the scientists. Between 1952 and 1958 all the young monkeys learned to wash the sandy sweet potatoes to make them more palatable. Only the adults who imitated their children learned this social improvement. Other adults kept eating the dirty sweet potatoes. THEN IT HAPPENED! Something startling took place. In the autumn of 1958, a certain number of Koshima monkeys were washing sweet potatoes, the exact number is not known. Let us suppose that when the sun rose one morning there were 99 monkeys on Koshima Island who had learned to wash their sweet potatoes. Let's further suppose that later that morning, the hundredth monkey learned to wash potatoes. By that evening almost everyone in the tribe was washing sweet potatoes before eating them. The added energy of this hundredth monkey somehow created an ideological breakthrough! But notice: A most surprising thing observed by these scientists was that the habit of washing sweet potatoes then jumped over the sea. Colonies of monkeys on other islands and the mainland troop of monkeys at Takasakiyama began washing their sweet potatoes. Thus, when a certain critical number achieves an awareness, this new awareness may be communicated from mind to mind. Although the exact number may vary, this Hundredth Monkey Phenomenon means that when only a limited number of people know of a new way, it may remain the conscious property of these people. But there is a point at which if only one more person tunes-in to a new awareness, a field is strengthened so that this awareness is picked up by almost everyone!From the book "The Hundredth Monkey" by Ken Keyes, Jr.The book is not copyrighted and the material may be reproduced in whole or in part. 1 year agoflag  reply0artemis6  treewolf39:This is also correlated in the theory of morphic fields , and one other , I cannot recall the name of . That suzki guy was working on it .... I am getting suspicious that the universe is alive and aware ... and we are part of that awareness . 1 year agoflag  reply0artemis6Actually , nuclear weapons are a concept who's time has passed . If you want resources , it is hardly helpful to make them radioactive for 5000 years . Chemical warfare ? Also messy . Germ warfare is where it's at . Provided the germs die in a timely manner . Resources are growing scarce . Wasting them or making them unusable is not , a wise strategy . Nuclear weapons are to inspire fear . Like so many other things used by the puppet masters . The power to destroy is sought by those who have no power to create . In other words , the truly impotent . 1 year agoflag  reply0neocongoThe nuclear disarmament that has occurred over the last 3 presidencies is very encouraging and tangible progress.   Where there are balances of power, the likelihood a country will use nuclear weapons greatly decreases as does the likelihood increase it will keep those arms in its country.  Iran and North Korea will be in power balanced scenarios.  The greatest risk of nuclear arms being used is if the US develops functioning missle shields.  Becoming impervious to nuclear missles almost guarantees one or more nuclear countries will work diligently to "backpack in" nuclear arms into the US.  Given the ease with which tons and tons of drugs enter this country, that by far should be our greatest concern.  The development of missle shields will be, ironically, the greatest destabilizing of nuclear "peace" since the first development of nuclear weapons. 1 year agoflag  reply0samthesixthYes, a decade of peace would be good for all. Here's to peace! 1 year agoflag  reply0ConniepaeI feel much safer with President Obama in the White House.  I don't see him tied to the Military Industrial complex, which makes money off war.  Maybe, just maybe we can be led to peace, instead of more bombs and war.  War is not good for any country.  War has become a cash cow for some and destruction for others.  Peace would help us all!  I'm all for peace, or at least the pursuit of peace! We have just survive a decade of war and the Bush administration 'bring em on' mentality.  10 years of peaceful efforts would be good for America and the world.  I would like to see this be a decade of peace. 1 year agoflag  reply0czthedayDespite the activity in North Korea and Iran, the current climate of nuclear weapons development is still significantly better than the one in which I grew up in the 60s and 70s.  The Soviet Union's nuclear armament numbers were nearly ten times the numbers that are currently being negotiated.  The Soviets had thousands more warheads than than they have now.Nonetheless, the thought of rogue governments having possession of even a handful of warheads is, of course, worrying in the extreme.  I took a class called "War and Peace in the Nuclear Age" when I was an undergraduate.  One of the required exercises was to pick an American city and detonate an imaginary one megaton warhead (comparatively small by today's standards) and then describe the damage to that city in one-mile concentric circles emanating from the blast point.  I can assure you that the descriptions that were read aloud in class were horrifying -- made the damage to New Orleans from Hurricane Katrina look like a walk in the park by comparison.However, if we can reduce the total world arsenal by thousands more warheads in the negotiations with the Russians (surely we have SOMETHING to offer them in exchange?), I will rest a bit easier as I contemplate my children's future... 1 year agoflag  replymore fromNews:The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Online USA News: Packers find the way to stop Michael Vick most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event | Crooks and Liars more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Anonymous OperationTunisia Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Tron-ify Everything !!!! Too much fluoride in water! FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords...  7 minutes agoWow they must be watching that live feed really close lol. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  9 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise Itsbatman_Durr commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  18 minutes agotonights programming on current:swatscarfacebiggie and tupacmaybe we should censor current for promoting violence with its programming?and yes that was sarcasm Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  35 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog