BIG SURGE in the DESTRUCTION of the AMERICAN FAMILY !HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingBIG SURGE in the DESTRUCTION of the AMERICAN FAMILY !BIG SURGE in the DESTRUCTION of the AMERICAN FAMILY !75rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy CYBERSUPEWHAT IS A FAMILY ?We begin this article with the question. What is a family ? Families have changed dramatically over the past 20 years. Family is no longer described as a Mother and Father living together with their children, as it was in the past. The playing field for families, as we used to know it, has changed here in America. Divorce, adoption, abortions, single moms and dads, remarriages, same sex relationships all these situations has caused numerous combinations of what is now called Family. Single moms now account for 41 % of infant births here in America. I can foresee this trend of family combinations continuing because of the current economic conditions that exist here in the United States. With unemployment soaring and household income declining, will only add to more family breakups as stress grips more and more families. Home foreclosures and suicides are increasing, at an alarming rate, which only adds to the destruction of the family. TYPICAL AMERICAN FAMILY See all 5 photospicture by dreamstimeFAMILY BICYCLE OUTING photo by dreamstimePARENTAL CONTROL LOSTInstability and Insecurity in the family has a major effect on children who then lose trust and confidence in their parents. Laws have been passed favoring children and makes it easy for the child to lie and cast false accusations against their parents, while being protected by these laws. Such laws as these allow children to gain control over their parents thus making discipline by the parents nearly impossible. More children are obsessed today with cell phones, computer games, TV, sex, sexting, texting, pornography. etc., which all goes to making it a nightmare to be a good parent in this day and age. A very large percentage of the children today have become selfish, disrespectful and unappreciative. Now for the parents of these children, who by their deeds and actions, have contributed to the child's mistrust. Many to these parents have adopted very loose moral values and family values as well as, cheating, lying, being unfaithful in their marriage, arguing and fighting in front of the children and being disrespectful to each other. All of this by the parents has contributed to the child's losing confidence and trust in their parents. The dissolution of the American family as a whole is devastating to our society and plays into the hands of communism, as predicted in the communist manifesto whose main thrust is to destroy the family and then everything else will come tumbling down. Well, we in America are well on our way to the eradication of the family as we have known it. FAMILY photo by dreamstimeREGAIN CONTROL by GOOD PARENTINGThere are as many approaches to parenting as there are parents, but scientists who study parenting agree on a basic set of principles that should guide interactions with children and teens. * WHAT YOU DO MATTERS. Think about how you treat and respond to your child and what effect it will have on them. * YOU CAN NOT BE TO LOVING. It's not possibe to spoil a child with to much love, it is possible to spoil a child by giving things in place of love. BE INVOLVED IN YOU CHILD'S LIFE. Effective parents rearrange their priorities so they have time to be involved in their children's lives. ADAPT YOUR PARENTING TO FIT YOUR CHILD. Parenting approaches must change and adapt to the child's needs- for more independence, more knowledge, more competence- at different stages of growth. ESTABLISH and SET RULES. Managing your child's behavior when their young helps them learn how to manage it on their own as they grow older. FOSTER YOUR CHILD'S INDEPENDENCE. Youth need to learn self-control, self-direction and an ability to think and make decisions independently. Effective parenting helps them learn these important abilities. BE CONSISTENT. Consistency is key to your authority with your child, and it gives them a sense of stability and safety. AVOID HARSH DISCIPLINE. Children who are spanked, hit or slapped are more likely to be bullies, use aggression or fight with other children. EXPLAIN YOUR RULES AND DECISIONS. Youth at any age need to understand why you've made certain rules and decisions. TREAT YOUR CHILD WITH RESPECT. If you respect your child, they are more likely to respect you and other people.From " The Ten Basic Principles of Good Parenting" by Laurence Stienberg, PhD (2004, Simon & Schuster, New York)FAMILY SETTING TOGETHER AT DINNER photo by dreamstimeTHE FAMILY THAT PRAYS TOGETHER STAYS TOGETHERDinner time should be one of the most important event of each day. Make dinner time a ritual, served at a set time each day. Each member of the family is made aware of how important it is to share dinner together. Dinner begins when everybody is seated and with bowed heads, grace before meals is recited, thanking God for the food on the table and for all the blessings showered on the family. Conversation is encouraged by the parents by speaking with the children and by asking them questions about the events of the day. FAMILY OUTDOOR PICNIC photo by dramstimeTHE FAMILY THAT PLAYS TOGETHER STAYS TOGETHERRECREATIONAL activities that involves the entire family are strongly encouraged. As parents, organize fun events such as a day at the zoo, which is always meet with plenty of enthusiasm. Plan a family picnic at some historical park or city park where the children can run and play games among themselves and perhaps meet some other children to join in their games. A trip to the local bowling ally is also an excellent group fun event. How about a movie and also a good time to rest and enjoy amovie that the whole family will enjoy. OUTDOOR activities always a winner, such as bicycle riding together and perhaps camping. Camping was a yearly event in my family. As the school year came to a close in June, plans would begin for our annual family camping trip to Assateaque Island National Seashore, located just outside of Ocean City, Maryland. Family campsites at Assateague are located on the beaches of the Atlantic Ocean. Assateague island is well known for the Wild Ponies that roam free through out the island, including the campsites and beaches. They do have the right away. Life guards are provided at the beaches designated for swimming by the National Park Service--U.S. Dept. of the Interior. Other outdoor things to consider are, fishing, bird watching, nature hikes, to name only a few. Some LEARNING activities include, a trip to your local library, working on jig saw puzzles, board games such as scrabble, monopoly, battleship and 20 questions, all are great learning and being together with family. Parenting and managing a family is indeed a full time job and there are no short cuts. Parents must be totally committed to the well being of the entire family and anything less spells disaster. Early on in a marriage, respect for each other is a must, no questions asked. As children arrive and the family begins and grows, each member including Mom and Dad must be aware what their rights are as a part of the family unit. Each must also know that with these rights comes obligations and responsibilities to the family. SOME GREAT ARTICALS for FAMILIEShttp://hubpages.com/hub/BE-A-WEB-RANGER-NATIONAL-PARK-SERVICE-US-DEPT-of-the-INTERIORChildren can now be a Junior Ranger even if you are not able to visit a National Park----U.S. Department of the Interior. http://hubpages.com/hub/CAMPING-at-ASSATEAGUE-ISLAND-NATIONAL-SEASHOREVisitors to Assateague Island can appreciate the priceless ECOSYSTEM of the Island.http://hubpages.com/hub/HARVEST-FEST-an-ANNUAL-FAMILY-CAMPING-OUTING-at-POSSUM-LODGEOver 350 species of migratory birds stop at Assateague as well as other abundant species, to rest and feedCOLEMAN 8 PERSON TENT--ORDER IT NOW !Coleman Red Canyon 17-Foot by 10-Foot 8-Person Modified Dome TentAmazon Price: $118.23List Price: $139.99BUY YOUR DIGITAL PEDOMETER NOW !Omron HJ-112 Digital Pocket PedometerAmazon Price: $19.49List Price: $34.99Omron HJ-105 Pedometer with Calorie CounterAmazon Price: $10.63List Price: $16.99Pedometer Walking: Stepping Your Way to Health, Weight Loss, and FitnessAmazon Price: $5.75List Price: $12.95GPS--  UNDER $100.00--BUY IT NOW !Reversible Double Sided Neoprene Sleeve Carrying Case + Screen Protector for Tomtom ONE Tomtom ONE 130 TomTom ONE 3rd Edition TomTom ONE 130s 3.5-Inch Portable GPS Vehicle Navigator (TomTom GPS NOT included) , Black / RedAmazon Price: $11.95List Price: $39.95COLEMAN 3 or 4 PERSON TENT--BUY IT NOW !Coleman SunDome 7-Foot by 7-Foot 3-Person Dome Tent (Orange/Gray)Amazon Price: $43.26List Price: $73.99Coleman Sundome 6 TentAmazon Price: $94.97List Price: $136.99Coleman SunDome 9- by 7- Foot Four- Person Dome Tent (Orange/Grey)Amazon Price: $64.49List Price: $84.99BUY YOUR NOOK or KINDLE--NOW !Barnes and Noble NOOK eBook Reader (WiFi only) [ Black & White ]Amazon Price: $150.00Barnes & Noble NOOK ebook reader (WiFi + 3G)[B&W]Amazon Price: $179.75VOTE IT UP !IF YOU ENJOYED THIS ARTICAL---PLEASE GIVE ME A THUMBS UPJUST CLICK ON THE GREEN BAR BELOW********* VOTE IT UP *********THANK YOUSO MUCH !vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful (1)Commentsbillyaustindillon6 months ago Very nice hub - I think there is nothing more important family, the interaction, the support, the love. It the parents responsibility to provide that structure and the rewards are all natural flow for those aren't be prepared to see that I am very sorry. To me there is no greater love in my life than my family. Beautiful hub.tony07246 months ago Family is the bedrock upon which all strong societies are built. A good family makes good citizens. But here in America since we have insisted on removing God from our lives here in the USA , we also removed morality and ethics. And when we asked God to leave , he complied. This is why we are in the shape we are in here. And I do not think things will get better till we get better.Dave Mathews6 months ago I agree with all that you are saying. Thing is we can only blame ourselves.Brother Dave.VAMPGYRL4206 months ago Nice Hub, Cybersupe :)Love & Light,Windy GraceCYBERSUPE6 months ago Hi billyaustondillon, Your comment is well taken and thank you so much for reading my hub. Your comments always give me encourgement.CYBERSUPE6 months ago Tony, so good to hear from you and many thanks for your comment.  It is good to hear that family is important to you.CYBERSUPE6 months ago Yo Brother Dave, gosh, so happy to hear from you and more so that you stopped by my hub and entered a comment. Your comment is right on.CYBERSUPE6 months ago Hi Windy,I is indeed a pleasure to hear from you. Thanks for you vote of confidence on this hub.  God Bless !Pamela996 months ago I think family is the most important thing and we have done so much in this country to destroy the family unit, that it is heartbreaking.  We removed God and he should be first always, then the rest falls into place.CYBERSUPE6 months ago Hi Pamela,You are so right and until we but Prayer and God back in our every day lives, families will continue be destroyed. Pamela, thanks for taking the time to visit and comment on this Hub. God Bless!carolina muscle6 months ago Yes indeed... the loss of the family is in large part responsible for what is happening in society.CYBERSUPE6 months ago Hi carolina muscle,Indeed, the dissolution of family has added to societies ever evergrowing domestic problems.  Our youth are running wild. Thank You carolina muscle for visiting and your comment, which is greatly appreciated.dawnM6 months ago wonderful hub and especially about loving your children to much and treating them as individuals that is so important, alon gwith vamily outings and dinner.  loved it!!CYBERSUPE6 months ago Dawn, reading your Hub's are most interesting and you advice and suggestions are awesome. You are certainly doing your part to try and save marriages, as well the families. Dawn, thanks so much for stopping by and for your comment. God Bless!sagebrush_mama6 months ago Family time is so important.  That time is limited, and it is tempting to abandon togetherness in order to provide unimportant things.  One of our household favorites is to put on a good movie to watch together, rather than everyone off and doing their own thing.  A cribbage tournament is another fave.  My parents always worked on vocabulary building at the dinner table:  one of the kids picked a word from the dictionary, and the others guessed the spelling and meaning.CYBERSUPE6 months ago Cribbage is also one of our favorites, as a family game.Your comment is well taken and that is what it is all about, FAMILY and not just you.PegCole175 months ago There was a piece on the news last night about the effects of texting and cell phones on the family unit. No telling where we're heading if we stop paying attention to our loved ones in favor of technology and distractions.CYBERSUPE5 months ago Welcome PegCole and Thank You so much for stopping my and reading my hub. Yes Peg, there in lies the problem and parents seem not to notice what it is doing to their family unit.Micky Dee5 months ago There's a lot going on CYBERSUPE! The powers that control EVERYTHING today destroy and distract our children and our lives. They walk around the globe imprisoning everyone for resources. They may as well be aliens looting the earth of resources and our personal energy. Our leaders are pedophiles en-slavers. There is no other plan but to have a war currently or every few years. There are no plans for better infrastructure to better serve our youth. Their plan is to take our most prized possessions, our children, who are bright lights and have them dimmed and imprisoned into a matrix with a debt that will never be paid off. Every child born has a number on their birth certificate for the US stock exchange. Know THE real enemy of America. It's more than and maybe not what you think. Great hub!CYBERSUPE5 months ago Again Micky Dee, I have to agree with you and say that I second the motion. Once the family is destroyed all else will fail as well.  The major problenm we have in the big cities today, I live in one (Philadelphia, Pa), is the dissolution of the family. Thus kids roam the streets all night long and because they are bored, look for trouble. Gunfire and murders every night her in Philly. Policemem seem to be a target. It is indeed a shame.  No parents to control them. Thanks Micky for commenting on a major problem in the United States.sofs3 months ago Cybersupe! I love this hub, I am so glad that you speak about such things, I love "It's not possibe to spoil a child with to much love, it is possible to spoil a child by giving things in place of love."  and the family that prays together stays together..  you have great suggestions too. Am I glad I read this? God bless you abundantly!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites95CYBERSUPEFrom MALVERN, PENNSYLVANIA, U.S.A.219 Followers49 HubsJoined 10 months agoRead more hubs by CYBERSUPEContact CYBERSUPEFollow CYBERSUPESubscribe to CYBERSUPE's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk CYBERSUPE a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhen you have a problem at work do you use scriptures to solve it or do you use your own principles?asked by Apostle Jack 5 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionWhy is it always difficult to get the right person for your child as an adoptive parent.mummyernestiasked by mummyernestine 15 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsSelf Management Skills in People With Acquired Brain Injuryby ShinkickerWomen in Small Businessesby lindagoffiganShaving rashby Stormy BrainAll new Yugioh cards I invented page 2by lex.dameAirmen's Billet - Funny Storyby TrsmdHow To Evaluate An Affiliate Programby honeybee2u Family and Parenting ForumTopicRepliesDad was never thereposted by AskAshlie343312Am I too old to have  baby?posted by Bianu20Help Pleaseposted by Sezza8914Post a new topic766 more topics Tagshealth family children safety divorce families Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 3.788 sec)  working