GOP Senators Reject Tax Cuts for Middle Class // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 43Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 87Corporations or politicians hurting America? 16Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 04, 2010| 41 commentsGOP Senators Reject Tax Cuts for Middle Classsource: http://www.cbsnews.com/stories/2010/12/04/politics/main7116715.shtml?tag=stackAn error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisRepublicans in the Senate shot down two Democratic plans to extend Bush-era tax cuts to the middle-class, because the proposals did not also extend them for the wealthiest two percent of Americans.After two hours of debate, cloture vote failed to gain the 60 votes necessary to bypass a filibuster.For a proposal to extend all expiring tax cuts on individuals with incomes of less than $200,000 a year and married couples making less than $250,000, the vote was 53-36.On a plan to renew tax cuts for all filers with incomes of less than $1 million, the vote was 53-37.Both plans would let tax rates for high-income Americans return to tax rate levels that were in place during the Clinton administration.Republicans, pushing for making tax cuts for the rich permanent, had vowed to defeat both bills.President Barack Obama, having returned to Washington from a surprise trip to Afghanistan, said he was "very disappointed" by the Senate's failureto agree to legislation passed in the House that would make middle-class tax cuts permanent.The Senate debate was a showdown over whether the wealthy should be excluded from an extension of the Bush-era tax cuts."These votes today are not going to settle anything," says CBS News Capitol Hill correspondent Bob Fuss, "but Democrats want to make a political point: Republicans are so determined to preserve tax cuts for the wealthy, they'll block them for everyone else."Democrats already eyeing the 2012 elections are using the debate to depict Republicans as guardians of the rich who are willing to jeopardize middle class families in order to further fatten the accounts of the wealthiest Americans.Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., called out Republicans for pushing tax breaks for the wealthy after "time and time again coming down to the floor of the Senate and saying, 'We have a huge deficit! We have a huge national debt!'"And today what they want to do is drive that national debt up by $700 billion over the next ten years."Isnt it enough for you that the top one percent earns more income than the bottom 50%?" Sanders said. "Isnt it enough for you that in the last 25 years almost all new income has gone to the top one percent? Do you really think that the CEOs of Wall Street who will make hundreds of millions of dollars a year really need a tax break?""Lets not give tax breaks to millionaires who in many ways have never had it so good," he said.Sen. John Kyl, R-Ariz., responded by saying Sanders' comments were indicative of why bipartisan compromise was not possible in Washington."Its not Republicans' fault that these things take time and we still haven't resolved the tax issue," Kyl added.groups:News, Politics tags:GOP,bush tax cuts |41 comments// GOP Senators Reject Tax Cuts for Middle Classhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0rksilzHow can you pay less than 0, which is exactly what many of the biggest corporations pay in America because of loopholes and they are investing overseas and sending our jobs there. We need to charge import taxes so our workers and factories can compete on a level field with the rest of the world. That's what we used to do and that's what the rest of the world still does. 1 month agoflag  reply0JanforGoreHmm, continue the tax cuts for the rich which from what we have seen so far has done next to nothing to spur the economy or create jobs, continue the war(s), and then say you want to reduce the deficit... typical politics over humanity. 1 month agoflag  reply0Sparky2UWhat is so hard to understand people. The argument is to keep the TAX RATE we now have. There is no Tax Cut! We will all have Increased Taxes unless we keep the Rate the same. Bar Stool Economics  Suppose that every day, ten men go out for beer and the bill for all tencomes to $100 and If they paid their bill the way we pay our taxes, it wouldgo something like this: The first four men (the poorest) would pay nothing.The fifth would pay $1.The sixth would pay $3.The seventh would pay $7.The eighth would pay $12.The ninth would pay $18.The tenth man (the richest) would pay $59. So, that's what they decided to do. The ten men drank in the bar every day and seemed quite happy with thearrangement, until one day, the owner threw them a curve. "Since you are allsuch good customers," he said, "I'm going to reduce the cost of your dailybeer by $20." so drinks for the ten now cost just $80. The group still wanted to pay their bill the way we pay our taxes so thefirst four men were unaffected...They would still drink for free...But whatabout the other six men - the paying customers? How could they divide the$20 windfall so that everyone would get his 'fair share?'...They realizedthat $20 divided by six is $3.33...But if they subtracted that fromeverybody's share, then the fifth man and the sixth man would each end upbeing paid to drink his beer..So, the bar owner suggested that it would be fair to reduce each man's bill by roughly the same amount, and he proceeded to work out the amounts each should pay. And so:The fifth man, like the first four, now paid nothing (100% savings).The sixth now paid $2 instead of $3 (33%savings).The seventh now pay $5 instead of $7 (28%savings).The eighth now paid $9 instead of $12 (25% savings).The ninth now paid $14 instead of $18 (22% savings).The tenth now paid $49 instead of $59 (16% savings). Each of the six was better off than before...And the first four continued todrink for free...But once outside the restaurant, the men began to comparetheir savings."I only got a dollar out of the $20,"declared the sixth man. He pointed tothe tenth man," but he got $10!" "Yeah, that's right," exclaimed the fifthman. "I only saved a dollar, too. It's unfair that he got ten times morethan I!" "That's true!!" shouted the seventh man. "Why should he get $10back when I got only two? The wealthy get all the breaks!"  "Wait a minute,"yelled the first four men in unison. "We didn't get anything at all. The system exploits the poor!" The nine men surrounded the tenth and beat him up. The next night the tenth man didn't show up for drinks, so the nine sat downand had beers without him. But when it came time to pay the bill, theydiscovered something important. They didn't have enough money between all ofthem for even half of the bill!And that, ladies and gentlemen, journalists and college professors, is howour tax system works. The people who pay the highest taxes get the mostbenefit from a tax reduction. Tax them too much, attack them for beingwealthy, and they just may not show up anymore. In fact, they might startdrinking overseas where the atmosphere is somewhat friendlier. David R. Kamerschen, PhD.D.Professor of EconomicsUniversity of Georgia 1 month agoflag  reply0iMoco13  Sparky2U:Thank you so much for clarifying professor. What action do you think Congress should take on the tax rate so that we can start paying off our debt? Unfortunately, economics is my weakest subject. Wouldn't increasing taxes for everyone be a lot more effective than putting so much effort into making budget cuts from programs we all need. 1 month agoflag  reply0hammywill  iMoco13:Budget cuts from the Defense Department would be just fine. In fact, we could slash it in HALF and we would still spend as much money as half the world COMBINED. 1 month agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  Sparky2U:they're already overseas, that's why we have no jobs, the rich decided to keep more money.  so fuck the poorer people right?  because the rich need to make 72 million a year, "they've got a family to feed" they can't survive on $60 million a year?  instead of using that money to pay wages and pensions to american employees... so we can buy our own beer, then they can keep more of their tab money later, no?but since the most available work is menial lower wage work, or is work that required expensive college degrees that the poor people just can't get, then we all end up being the first 4 guys at the bar and we need more and more beers paid for by the rich guy. 1 month agoflag  reply0good_stuff  Sparky2U:I guess I don't know too many people who make over 1 Million a year, but I do know a few doctors who make over 500k per year.  As best I can tell, the part of your example that doesn't correlate to the real world is the fact that if somebody moved overseas they probably wouldn't make as much money.  How much do doctors make in a country with nationalized healthcare?  No other country has the income disparity seen in the US, so this analogy that you copied from an email doesn't hold water. 1 month agoflag  reply+1rksilzWe could put 12 million people to work fixing our infrastructure for same amount it would cost to extend the Bush tax cuts for the rich. It needs 2 to 3 trillion dollars in repair work and we have 15 mllon people unemployed. That would also increase the tax base and help pay down our debt. The GOP is lying about tax cuts. They don't create jobs. Businesses hire more help if hiring more people makes them more money. It's just that simple. The GOP hasn't voted for a bill that only helped the middle class in over 30 years. I don't know why anyone votes for them. Reagan increased the national debt by 184%, Bush increased it by 70%. Clinton and Carter only increased it around 40%. 1 month agoflag  reply+2toastyguy11Man, fuck those fucking fuckers, fuck!  Seriously, how can anyone vote for them!?!  They don't even deny that they don't care about anyone who isn't rich! 1 month agoflag  reply+3jscooleyI can't believe that so many millionaires take the time to troll this site, and if you are not some money grubbing millionaire trying to protect his own stack then you must hate this country to continue to espouse views that are driving this country into the ground. The poor and the working class are not what is wrong with our economic system nor our tax system. It is the people at the top taking more than their fair share, making the system unsubstainable. I work for a corporate giant that has cut my wages over the last ten years while making unheard of profits and giving a leaving ceo a 222 million dollar severance package. 1 month agoflag  reply+5Varex_SytheSo the GOP is shooting down these tax cuts because people who can afford to not be included in the tax cuts more than anyone else wouldn't get included...fucking brilliant... 1 month agoflag  reply-5ParatusWith the help of Democrats.  What they really did was to reject the continuation of lower taxes for some at the expense of others.  How about none of us get a tax increase, even those who pay taxes.  If you want it to be fair why not have EVERYONE pay the same tax rate.  That sounds very fair to me.  If the tax rate is 10% for everyone then everyone gets to keep 90% of what they earn. 1 month agoflag  reply+2mik661  Paratus:Yes its the Democrats fault that the very wealthy cannot afford to be slightly less wealthy. The republicans are calling for tough choices and reducing the deficit. They show it by insisting on continuing tax cuts for people who wont even notice the difference. 1 month agoflag  reply+1ImConcerned  Paratus:actually, the very wealthy pay significantly less taxes percentage wise. you should really stop so blindly agreeing with republicans that you cant see humanity, or... facts. 1 month agoflag  reply+3hammywill  Paratus:That would be fine if those at the top end of the scale actually EARNED their money. Since they don't....I find it hard to justify the Republican stance on this particular Bill. 1 month agoflag  reply0postlapsaria  Paratus:sure that's fine, but when the rich people want their 90% to be even more, they screw the american worker, whose 90% is below the federal poverty line.  so then what?fuck them either way?  or would it be ok for someone to work three jobs, 70 hours a week and barely be at poverty line?  that's acceptable, or would they be allowed to get some help?  if so, whose going to pay for the help?  not the people at the poverty line, that's why it's ok for the rich person to pay a little bit more in taxes, if they still have MILLIONS or more, they'll be alright.  the people making 20 thousand can't really afford to lose 2 grand a year.but of course, that is supposing that conservatives have a compassion for people and wouldn't mind helping, which seems to not be the case. 1 month agoflag  reply0Paratus  Paratus:It was funny to watch the replies to my post.  It's not anyones "fault".  we dont' fix things by making someone else "slightly less wealthy". Humanity is another issue altogether,  It has nothing to do with this.I find it laughable that hammywills justification is that the top earners don't actually "earn" their income.  Will you change your mind if said  top income is line 1 income on the W2?The last is not worth a thought.So, what we have here to counter my suggestion is that we need to raise tax rates on those who make more money because they can afford to have slighty less money, for humanitarian reasons, or they don't really work for their money or they make their money by screwing the American worker.  Sort of a you got yours so now we get to screw you out of what you got because we have less.  You guys should be ashamed.  No fairness, no recognition of the efforts of those who make big bucks just we are owed by the wealthy because........NO wonder this country is in such condition.  I wonder where America went. 1 month agoflag  reply0hammywill  Paratus:Explain to me how they earn their money? 1 month agoflag  reply0CalgarCthey are fucking retarded... make your own tax cuts... pay less taxes or don't pay at all. i am sick of paying for the system... 1 month agoflag  reply+3TimALoftisThe GOP is now on record of voting against a tax cut for everyone making less than $1 Million dollars per year...I guess If the Billionaires can't get it, no one does. 1 month agoflag  replymore fromNews:Latest Updates UniFirst CEO Ronald Croatti Louisiana officials: parts of coastline still heavily oiled Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... 9A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 109-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... more Louisiana officials: parts of coastline still heavily oiled Anonymous OperationTunisia FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Too much fluoride in water! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS see all new stories videos on current tvIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Machete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  26 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  53 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  55 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog