Holbrooke's Last Words: "You've Got to Stop this War in Afghanistan" // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 220Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 14, 2010| 30 commentsHolbrooke's Last Words: "You've Got to Stop this War in Afghanistan"source: http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-503544_162-20025587-503544.html?tag=stackAn error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisIn his final words before emergency heart surgery, Richard Holbrooke, the influential U.S. diplomat who died on Monday following complications from the surgery, urged an end to America's nine-year old Afghanistan conflict."You've got to stop this war in Afghanistan," Holbrooke told his Pakistani surgeon before entering into surgery according to family members, the Washington Post reports.Holbrooke, a 69-year-old foreign policy veteran who worked in Vietnam as a foreign service member during the war and advised four Democratic presidents, had been serving until his death as special envoy to Afghanistan and Pakistan in the Obama administration. Though Holbrooke is believed to have seen the war in Afghanistan as winnable, he allegedly struggled in his dealings with the Afghan government - particularly when it came to the country's widespread corruption and lack of functional public services.In a statement, President Obama called Holbrooke, who was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize seven times (including for his work brokering the war-ending Dayton peace accords in former Yugoslavia), a "true giant of American foreign policy who has made America stronger, safer, and more respected." The president also praised Holbrooke's work in Afghanistan and Pakistan."The progress that we have made in Afghanistan and Pakistan is due in no small measure to Richard's relentless focus on America's national interest, and pursuit of peace and security," Mr. Obama's statement read. "He understood, in his life and his work, that our interests encompassed the values that we hold so dear."Secretary of State Hillary Clinton also lauded his work for the administration, and emphasized that while he was a "fierce negotiator," she considered him "a fiercer friend and a beloved mentor.""When I came to the State Department, I was delighted to be able to bring Richard in and give him one of the most difficult challenges that any diplomat can face," Clinton said on Monday in remarks at a holiday reception for the chiefs of diplomatic missions to the United States. "He immediately put together an absolutely world class staff. It represents what we believe should be the organizational model for the future - people not only from throughout our own government, but even representatives from other governments all working together.""Tonight America has lost one of its fiercest champions and most dedicated public servants," Clinton added in a separate statement.As special envoy for Pakistan and Afghanistan, Holbrooke advised the White House on strategies for brokering peace as well as how to revamp civilian assistance efforts there through diplomatic negotiations, development, and reconstruction initiatives.Though Holbrooke and Afghan President Hamid Karzai were known to have a contentious relationship, the Post reports that Karzai released a statement saying Holbrooke "served greatly the government and the people of the United States."Senator John Kerry, a Vietnam veteran, also offered his condolences on Monday, calling the end of his career "almost a bittersweet bookend that a career of public diplomacy that began trying to save a war gone wrong, now ends with a valiant effort to keep another war from going wrong.""Our public careers were intertwined in so many ways, from Vietnam to my presidential campaign to the conflict in Afghanistan, and every step of the way he provided wise advice and intelligent guidance to presidents and statespeople alike," Kerry said, in a Monday night statement. "He died giving everything he had to one last difficult mission for the country he loved," Kerry said.The White House plans to release a strategic review of the war in Afghanistan this month, and it is not expected to call for a change in strategy. Though Mr. Obama set July 2011 as the date to begin brining troops home when he announced a troop "surge" one year ago, the administration is now pointing to 2014 as its target date for a significant drawdown of U.S. forces.groups:News, News and Politics, Politics, Afghanistan News tags:Afghanistan,War on Terror,holbrooke |30 comments// Holbrooke's Last Words: "You've Got to Stop this War in Afghanistan"hide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel-3ayipishere is one scenario...afghanistan has a large reserve of gas and minerals that we need..(you know those finer things in life...that we seem to tend to forget that actually is the cause of all of this)if we loose control of that region then you guys will have to pay top money for those "small finer things in life"....that is..if we can fucking get it at all.....then some president, regardless of whatever benevolent bullshit he gave to his zombie follwers, will have no choice but to CONTINUE THE WAR...so...what to do?? secure the area or revert back to the middle ages?? 24 days agoflag  reply+2Sarah_HoneaBlessed are the Peacemakers, for they shall  inherit the kingdom of heaven---I don't know about the "heaven" part, but do agree with the blessed part. 26 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  Sarah_Honea:damn i almost chocked on that one HAHHAHAHAH wow!!! are you quoting a religious text here???  and NO riot from the current atheist zombies??? HAHHAH 24 days agoflag  reply-3ayipis  Sarah_Honea:isnt a "peacemaker" a handgun?? LOLjust a tip dont flaunt all of that religious chanting here..those rabid atheists would rip you apart.. 24 days agoflag  reply+3onemalefla  ayipis:i love how you are able to entertain yourself and make yourself laugh.comes in handy when mommy locks the basement door.good for you! 24 days agoflag  reply+2CalgarC  ayipis:too bad you didn't choke 24 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  ayipis:lay off the crack I-Piss 24 days agoflag  reply+2EdJoyProductionsI have a feeling no one is going to honor his last words.  It is a shame. 26 days agoflag  reply+2EthicalVeganDeeply touching... 26 days agoflag  reply-4ayipis  EthicalVegan:please do not cry..it will cause global warming.. 24 days agoflag  reply+2CalgarC  ayipis:please do not speak it will cause global warming... 24 days agoflag  reply+1CalgarCfishy fishy... 26 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  CalgarC:sober up son..all that dope is making you paranoid 24 days agoflag  reply0CalgarC  ayipis:TROLL hahahahaha 24 days agoflag  reply+1riverratt50This is seriously fishy. Reflecting on his role as Obama's special envoy, Holbrooke wrote in The Washington Post in March 2008 that "the conflict in Afghanistan will be far more costly and much, much longer than Americans realize. This war, already in its seventh year, will eventually become the longest in American history, surpassing even Vietnam." Holbrooke's relationship with Afghan President Hamid Karzai was strained after their heated meeting in 2009 over the fraud-tainted Afghan presidential election. Karzai brushed it off, saying he had "no problem at all with Mr. Holbrooke." But the U.S. military commanders in Afghanistan, not Holbrooke, were the ones who ended up developed the closest relations with the mercurial Afghan leader. The State Department said Sunday that Karzai and Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari were among those calling to wish Holbrooke well. Holbrooke rejected direct comparisons between Afghanistan and Vietnam, but acknowledged similarities and repeatedly pressed the administration to do more to win the hearts and minds of both the Afghan and Pakistani people. He was fully engaged in that effort until his unexpected death. A torn aorta  the condition that cost Holbrooke's life  is a rip in the inner wall of the body's largest artery. The result is serious internal bleeding, a loss of normal blood flow and possible complications in organs affected by the resulting lack of blood, according to medical experts. Without surgery it generally leads to rapid death. "True to form, Richard was a fighter to the end," said Clinton. "His doctors marveled at his strength and his willpower, but to his friends, that was just Richard being Richard." Holbrooke is survived by his wife, author Kati Marton, and two sons from an earlier marriage, David Holbrooke and Anthony Holbrooke. 26 days agoflag  reply+1PzLuvHappenizA true diplomat til the end r.i.p. 26 days agoflag  reply+1tverdellIf Obama hasn't lost all credibility, well ..WASHINGTON -- The Obama administration is trying to dismiss the reported last words of veteran diplomat Richard Holbrooke, its point person on Afghanistan and Pakistan who passed away this week, as a joke.Administration officials said Tuesday that Holbrooke's final words, "You've got to stop this war in Afghanistan," were part of a jovial back-and-forth with the medical staff.http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2010/12/14/holbrooke-last-words-afghanistan-obama_... 26 days agoflag  reply-1maasanova  tverdell:Obama: "He said what? Stop the war? Hahaha, that Holbrooke, he's always kidding around."LOL damnThat being said, I think this is an effort to re-write history on Holbrook's part. I've really seen no evidence of Holbrook being a man of peace. Although he was nominated for a Nobel Peace Prize, he was also on the Clinton/Albright team when they bombed Serbia, after which he stepped in to negotiate the conflict. 26 days agoflag  reply0vkotomskiMaybe he thought his Pakistani doctor was Muhammad Ali Jinnah... Just kidding. R.I.P. sir 26 days agoflag  reply+8Eddie_MillerHow about we just stop all of them 26 days agoflag  reply0ayipis  Eddie_Miller:man is waring against itself since the beginning of time and all of a sudden it would stop because............... 24 days agoflag  reply+4kennymotownI heard this today as well, if anything Holbrooke was a man of peace! 26 days agoflag  reply-2ayipis  kennymotown:got a job yet or am I still paying for your keep??? sending you to Valenzuela sounds pretty tempting..LOL 24 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  ayipis:First of all you don't have the balls too send me to Venezuela! 24 days agoflag  reply+1kennymotown  ayipis:Second of all how can you send me too Venezuela if you can't even spell it? 24 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvThe Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentssouthrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  22 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  24 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  40 minutes agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise ThatCrazyLibertarian commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThis is where the power hungry will rear their ugly heads.Remember the PATRIOT Act?Remember the Military Commissions Act?Remember FISA?Remember the Gulf of Tonkin Resolution?Remember... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog