Why We Stand With ArizonaHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesWhy We Stand With ArizonaWhy We Stand With Arizona56rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Ghost32The Devolution Of ImmigrationSince my wife and I live in southeastern Arizona, about a mile from the Mexican border and not all that far from where rancher Robert Krentz and his dog were murdered in cold blood by a drug smuggling scout from south of that border, it surprises few that we agree the flood of illegal immigration needs to be stopped stone cold. However, there's more to it than that. Except for Pam's 1/4 Choctaw blood, we're both descended entirely from immigrants--like the vast majority of America's population. We deeply appreciate those ancestors, every one of whom paid the considerable price to become U.S. citizens in the black and white days of photography.Recently, a friend sent us an email which tells that story well, ending with a pictorial punch line that is worth far more than a thousand words when it comes to explaining how immigration to our beloved country has not evolved...it has devolved. Back in 1900 when there was a rush from all areas of Europe to come to the United States , people had to get off a ship and stand in a long line in New York and be documented. See all 8 photosDocumentsDid you get that? Every immigrant following the legal, orderly process that had been set up for moving here from another country got a set of documents. Were they concerned that someone might actually ask to see those documents? Not only no, but Hell No! They were proud of those papers. They'd paid a high price, paid in coin, blood, sweat, tears, and time to get those papers. Mr. Policeman, you want to see my papers? Absolutely! Here you go, sir! And thank you for asking!Some would even get down on their hands and knees and kiss the ground. They made a pledge to uphold the laws and support their new country in good and bad times. They made learning English a primary rule in their new American households and some even changed their names to blend in with their new home.  A Pair Of ParentsCuriously enough, Pam's Dad and my Dad both served in the United States Navy during World War II. My old man was a young man when he, like thousands of others, joined up the day after the Japanese attacked Pearl Harbor. He served as an aviation mechanic, sired me so that I was born at a Naval Hospital in Pensacola, Florida, and went off to fight in the South Pacific.Which did not go well. His ship went down under fire. Yes, he survived, but with mental scarring that required six men to put him on the ground to give him a tranquilizer shot before flying to a VA hospital in Sacramento and ultimately to an honorable discharge. The mental struggle also required, in his own words, "a whole lot of cases of whiskey" to make the adjustment in the years that followed.Pam's Dad quite possibly lived to the end of his days without fully adjusting. At any rate, he refused to say a word about his wartime experiences, and never could any war-related material be shown on his home television set.These two men were typical of the descendants of the 19th century immigrants, hard workers, dangerous fighters with extreme pride in their country and staunch devotion to the Star Spangled Banner.They had waved goodbye to their birth place to give their children a new life and did everything in their power to help their children assimilate into one culture. Nothing was handed to them. No free lunches, no welfare, no labor laws to protect them. All they had were the skills and craftsmanship they had brought with them to trade for a future of prosperity.  Not Small MenMy father grew up in North Dakota and then Montana. The latter state has been described as a place where men are men and sheep are nervous. One thing that has never been said about such men is that they are--as a British Petroleum official recently described the residents of the Gulf Coast--"small people". Folks from across the pond have often thought Americans were small people. Routinely, they have been disabused of that notion--often rudely, but always to great effect. Most of their children came of age when World War II broke out. My father fought along side men whose parents had come straight over from Germany , Italy , France and Japan . None of these 1st generation Americans ever gave any thought about what country their parents had come from. They were Americans fighting Hitler, Mussolini and the Emperor of Japan. They were defending the United States of America as one people. Peer Pressure And A Lasting LessonWhen I was in the fourth grade, at ten years of age, wisdom was not my strong suit. There were many things I thought and did in that year that are best not mentioned today. One, though, cannot be ignored...and certainly not forgotten.Dad was 31 years old, a double-tough, hardworking Montana rancher with a bad back from having a packing crate fall and hit him in the small of the back during his military service. During that service, he had also been bitten in the neck by a black widow spider, killed snakes with a machete in the jungles of the South Pacific, watched shipmates be eaten by sharks after finding out the hard way that, yes, the Japanese could fight. He was not a man you wanted to cross by denigrating these United States in any way, shape, or form.Keep that in mind when I tell you that I came home from school one day with a clear, distinct swastika inked onto the back of my left hand. Classmates had been doing it, and....Dad was not home when I arrived, a fact which may have saved my life...or at least my rear end. Mom was quite capable of informing me as to the extent of my error, soap and water were applied--along with a stiff scrubbing brush--and only the tale of my misdeed remained to greet my warrior father upon his return later in the evening. I don't remember much of what was said, and I'm pretty sure no corporal punishment was applied, but the lesson got through. By the time I was forty, I knew more about Hitler's rise and fall, even about the way his early competitors from Communists to Socialist Democrats underestimated him, than anyone else I knew. But it was that inked swastika that started my education.When we liberated France , no one in those villages were looking for the French American, the German American or the Irish American. The people of France saw only Americans. And we carried one flag that represented one country. Not one of those immigrant sons would have thought about picking up another country's flag and waving it to represent who they were. It would have been a disgrace to their parents who had sacrificed so much to be here. These immigrants truly knew what it meant to be an American. They stirred the melting pot into one red, white and blue bowl. And Now To ArizonaOur family's pride in the red, white, and blue did not stop with my father. In the next generation, both I and my youngest sister's husband served our two draft years in the U. S. Army--curiously enough, both assigned to Germany, not Viet Nam, during the Viet Nam era. Calvin was a medic. I was a wire rat, serving with an artillery unit, poised and ready to dash to the Fulda Gap in case the Eastern Bloc decided to invade. We'd have been little more than cannon fodder, serving to delay the invaders if we could. We knew that and accepted it, many of us choosing our foxhole partners in advance to avoid the possibility of having idiots at our backs.Nor did the tradition stop there. My two nephews have carried on. Justin joined the Marines and did three tours in Iraq before getting out, the only one in his boat company to learn Arabic in order to be able to converse with Iraqis and the only one to return on his own two feet without so much as a purple heart. Ched is an Army lifer, a sergeant specializing in Apache helicopter maintenance. He's also done tours in Iraq and was stationed at Fort Hood when Major Hasan started shooting.But others have a different view of this country. They are willing to burn the flag we are sworn to defend. It has not escaped my notice that this flood of illegal immigrants comes from the country we thought we defeated in the 1800s. If you were to tell us that these invaders are simply an extension of that early war, it would not be that hard to believe. Yet our Fulda Gap runs the entire length of the border between Arizona and Mexico--and only the beleagured Border Patrol agents are serving as cannon fodder at this time. They are assaulted by rock throwers on the average of three times per day. We are under siege, and our attackers come from the south with sneers on their faces and middle fingers extended.And here we are with a new kind of immigrant who wants the same rights and privileges. Only they want to achieve it by playing with a different set of rules, one that includes the entitlement card and a guarantee of being faithful to their mother country. I'm sorry, that's not what being an American is all about. I believe that the immigrants who landed on Ellis Island in the early 1900's deserve better than that for all the toil, hard work and sacrifice in raising future generations to create a land that has become a beacon for those legally searching for a better life. I think they would be appalled that they are being used as an example by those waving foreign country flags.  Bowing The FlagWe've all seen the absolutely disgraceful images of our supposed leader, the Great OzBama, bowing to foreign leaders, treating everyone except American citizens with excessive respect, and actually slamming one of our own states, i.e. Arizona, for daring to say illegal immigration is a problem. The Blunder In Chief is so bizarre in his public utterances that several of us have actually put money in a betting pool in an attempt to predict just how long he will take before slamming the citizens of Louisiana for daring to suffer from the BP oil spill. Do we need Sarah Palin in the Oval Office? As one current TV commercial asks, "Does Charlie Daniels play a mean fiddle?"To my readers: Please understand that the following photo offends me at a depth many of you cannot possibly comprehend. It's being reprinted here because you need to see it: Not only is the Mexican flag flying above the Stars and Stripes, but our colors are turned upside down to boot. In case you haven't figured this out, that's the standard "missionary position" with us on our backs and getting f----d. That's no exaggeration; it's the meaning exactly. And for that suggestion about taking down the Statue of Liberty, it happens to mean a lot to the citizens who are voting on the immigration bill. I wouldn't start talking about dismantling the United States just yet. The Last WordNo way are we going to allow our insulted flag to be the last image you see on this page. There follows a photo of the inscription on our Arizona home, a literal fort I've built single handed and which is capable of stopping small arms fire. We stand with Arizona, and we plan to keep on standing. But that's not enough. The final touch is a video of a song I wrote about a year ago and posted to YouTube and other music sites. Beware, O ye invaders. We stand with Arizona. When The Giant Awakesvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful (1)Politics: Wisconsin Democrat Cuts The CheesePolitics: Why The Campaign Shackled Sarah PalinCommentsGhost326 months ago Absolutely, Flightkeeper.  Couldn't have said it better myself.FitnezzJim6 months ago You make a good point that the attitude of the modern immigrant seems to have changed from the traditional.  We seem to have moved progressively from wanting to belong and make good, to wanting to overthrow (as evidenced by the disrespect for the flag).ericsomething6 months ago It's a whole different breed of immigrant these days. Eric Hoffer once said this:"America needs new immigrants to love and cherish it."Unfortunately, that was then. Now, too many of the folks coming in are just here to undo what America is all about, either covertly by playing the system (like all those clowns coming in illegally over the Arizona & California line) or overtly trying to overthrow by force (see: Mohammed Atta & Umar Farouk Abdulmutallab). And if Barry Sotero was really born in Kenya, put him in that latter category too.Ghost326 months ago It gets worse.  Obama is already giving YOUR land--roughly 3500 acres in the heart of Arizona--back to gun toting Mexicans.  Hub to follow.ericsomething6 months ago Ghost, I heard about that. That crazy fool is trying to gut us. Will look forward to your Hub on that subject.Ghost326 months ago Eric, I'm holding off on the hub for a bit--want to see how things shake out for a couple of days.  The Fox News report shown on YouTube (many copies of that video available there) contains very powerful commentary from the Sheriff in the area.  But the opposition (in some news articles elsewhere) is claiming that the only shutdown in the Buenos Aires National Wildlife Refuge was about 3% of the Park, beginning in 2006, and that no new shutdowns have been authorized.That may simply be liberalspeak disinformation.  But I did notice one slight error in the Fox report when the Park was reported as being situated north of Tucson, 80 miles north of the border--when the map on the Park website shows it to be south of Tucson with its southern border touching Mexico.Bottom line:  Need to do a bit more fact checking before writing a hub.  My opinion is one thing, but I do have this "thing" about getting the facts right.JON EWALL6 months ago hubbersI decided to ask my senators and congressman this question ''why isn't our government enforcing the immigration laws ''?Answer : I'll pass your question to the senator or congressman. One staff member said that the representative sent letters to the president, ha good luck.Secretary Clinton on Ecuadorean television  on June 8th regarding the Arizona 1070 Immigration Law said ''president Obama has spoken out against the law because he THINKS that the federal government should be determining immigration policy'' ''and the justice department under his direction,will be bringing a law-suit against the act.''According to the law,the President and the Justice Department is responsible to enforce the laws of the land.When I called my representative,I informed staff to pass that info on and told them to remind our reps that they took the oath of office to defend the constitution.Requested that our reps go to the floor of congress and expose  President Obama and the Attorney General for not enforcing the law.President Barak Obama knows the constitution, he was elected president,someone must tell him that he don't decide what laws are to be enforced.How many times have you heard from Washington ''we are a country of the rule of law''?Each and every member of Congress is required by law to enforce the laws of the land.MUST WE WAKE THEM OUT!Joy At Home6 months ago Where was the flag picture taken?Ghost326 months ago Joy, I don't know where the flag picture was taken--it was included with the other photos in the email I received--but I've seen that desecration of the Star Spangled Banner done several times in different places."Must we wake them out?"  Jon, I'm guessing that's a combo of "take them out" and "wake them up".  But it certainly fits:  In November, We the People are most surely going to "wake out" a whole bunch of 'em, enough to contain the White House until we can "wake HIM out" in 2012.As usual, I fully agree with your every point--and will be writing a hub on "Hillary Clinton and the Ecuadorian Gambit" tonight.  Stay tuned! :)Granny's House5 months ago Ghost, I agree with you 100%. My sister was born in AZ. My husband and I have been there twice. We love it and will retire there. So I am hoping for the best. I am so happy to know that there is someone like you and Pam there fighting for thr rights of people that live there. Keep up the good work. Love you guys. Stay strong!Did you read my hub on it? Here is the link. If you did sorry.http://hubpages.com/hub/NEW-IMMIGRANTS-InterestingGhost325 months ago Actually, I hadn't known about your hub, so I just now hopped over and read it.  Interestingly enough, the way you presented the message--just the bare, original text with only a single photo--seems to pack almost exactly the same punch as does my longer version.  Which would seem to indicate that it is in fact the message itself (rather than the format) which counts with this one.Just so you know, there are a LOT of people like us living here and standing up to be counted.Remember in November.JON EWALL5 months ago Ghost32I WROTE A REPLY TO ANOTHER HUB,MAY I SUBMIT ?The first hurdle is to stop the flow. the flow has increased since 1986 and the dam is broke only because our government has not enforced the laws. Blaming business for the problem are an excuse only because they broke the (agreement)and were not punished by the government. It's a terrible situation when it comes to breaking up families but two wrongs don't make a right.If the unauthorized aliens did not get our governments entitlements, would they leave and go back home?'' we have rights'' signs anger many Americans, flying the Mexican flag don't help Americans to support their cause. Union and Hispanic agitators demonstrating in the streets of our cities, attempting to pressure our elected officials make legal citizens angry too.My thoughts of sympathy for the problem is.Come out of the dark and turn yourself in to the authorities. Register with the authorities and return back to your country (no penalty or incarceration ), allow 6 months to get personal business completed. When the problems are solved, give those who left  the first chance to enter legally only because they have registered previously.Stay in the dark, get caught, register them as illegal, with no chance for future entry, fine and incarcerate in lieu of deportation short period, second time caught follow laws enforce  minimum 10  years in prison and no parole.Look forward to your thoughts  and comments on my thoughts.Ghost325 months ago Jon, my thoughts are that you've summed it up pretty well.Most of my time lately (online) has been spent writing pro-Brian Miller hubs.  He's my preferred candidate for the Republican nomination to face incumbent Democrat Gabrielle Giffords in Arizona CD8 come November.  Brian has studied the border situation intensively and knows how to provide residents of Mexico with the incentive to come here legally through the right kind of guest worker program.  I can see it would work...for those not yet here.But for those who ARE here, yes, I like your concept.  Might shorten the 10 years some, just so we didn't have to feed 'em for that lengthy amount of time, but the basic theory sounds good to me.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Ghost32From Hereford, Arizona731 Followers574 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Ghost32Contact Ghost32Follow Ghost32Subscribe to Ghost32's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Ghost32 a question based on this Hub.Related Questionswhat if japan not attack on pearl harbor?asked by sushant143 9 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionWhat do you think about the Krauthammer immigration reform proposal?asked by Springboard 7 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsIllegal Immigrants and the American Dreamby Joni DouglasThe United States Locks Babies Up In Prisonsby MagicStarERFounding of the National Guardby ChuckEverything You Need to Know About Indian Motorcyclesby parkerk393Arizona Border Snakesby Ghost32Buy Lego Ultimate Collector's Series Sets Part 2by subbuteoz Politics and Social Issues ForumTopicRepliesRumor: Michele Bachmann considering White House bid posted by I am DB Cooper103Politics and Angerposted by Doug Hughes23Why are police working for revenue and not stopping crimes?posted by L a d y f a c e8Post a new topic3955 more topics Tagsunited states arizona sarah palin world war ii immigration hitler Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.507 sec)  working