Christian Conservative Blasts 'Feminized' Medal Of Honor // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 218Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 81Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | November 21, 2010| 45 commentsChristian Conservative Blasts 'Feminized' Medal Of Honorsource: http://www.politicsdaily.com/2010/11/20/christian-right-activist-blasts-medal-of-honor-as-fe...An error occurred while setting up video display.TimALoftis added thisWhile a divided nation last Tuesday finally rallied around one bright shining moment of patriotic glory -- President Obama's awarding of the Medal of Honor to Afghan hero Army Sgt. Salvatore Giunta -- a popular right-wing Christian commentator sharply split opinions even within his own camp. He blasted the award as "feminized" because it honors Giunta for saving his comrades rather than killing the enemy.The Army's official citation details how Giunta "exposed himself to withering enemy fire" during a daring effort to engage the enemy and extract his wounded comrades from an ambush. But Bryan Fischer, a columnist for the American Family Association who has often provoked headlines and consternation with his commentaries, read the narrative as hardly the sort of thing American soldiers were once known for.President Obama awards Medal of Honor to Army Sgt. Salvatore Giunta"When we think of heroism in battle, we used the think of our boys storming the beaches of Normandy under withering fire, climbing the cliffs of Pointe du Hoc while enemy soldiers fired straight down on them, and tossing grenades into pill boxes to take out gun emplacements," wrote Fischer, director of issue analysis for the AFA, a longtime lobby on the Christian right. "That kind of heroism has apparently become pass when it comes to awarding the Medal of Honor. We now award it only for preventing casualties, not for inflicting them.""So the question is this: when are we going to start awarding the Medal of Honor once again for soldiers who kill people and break things, so our families can sleep safely at night?" he asked.Fischer based his claim on a line in a column in The Wall Street Journal by William McGurn, a former speechwriter for President George W. Bush. In the midst of his high praise for Giunta's heroism, McGurn noted that rather than "Rambos decorated for great damage inflicted on the enemy," every Medal of Honor awarded from the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan "has been for an effort to save life."In fact, that's not exactly the case. The official account of the first Medal of Honor given for service in Iraq, to Army Sgt. First Class Paul R. Smith, shows how, among other courageous acts, Smith "braved hostile enemy fire to personally engage the enemy with hand grenades and anti-tank weapons," losing his life in the process."But such details didn't stop Fischer from asserting that "We have feminized the Medal of Honor" -- a claim that sparked a string of fierce criticisms on the blog post that are continuing."Your artciles [sic] reek of ignorance and evangelical stupidity," said one of the first commenters."What utterly disgusting, false and un-Christian drivel," said one of the most recent.Fischer is hardly one to slink away under hostile fire, as he told me after a post last month in which he said that the firefighters in South Fulton, Tennessee did "the Christian thing" by letting a family's house burn because they were delinquent on their $75 annual fire protection fee.That was the column that had generated the most outrage among all of Fischer's writings, until the Medal of Honor article. But in characteristic fashion, Fischer wasn't retreating. In two follow-up posts he pointed out that he believed Giunta did deserve the award, and that the media "so badly twisted and distorted my words that they are accusing me of saying the exact opposite of what I actually said."My point in all this is that we appear to have reached a point in awarding the MOH that we are squeamish about awarding to those who "take the hill" as well as awarding to those who throw themselves on a grenade to save their comrades.Fischer reiterated his central criticism that "our culture has become so feminized that we have become squeamish at the thought of the valor that is expressed in killing enemy soldiers through acts of bravery."Indeed, while Fischer's column irked many of his allies, his views are in keeping with a strain of conservative American Christianity that frets about the "feminization" of the faith as evidenced by the widespread emphasis on God's love and mercy rather than his anger and punishment, for example. And some such Christian conservatives are also concerned about efforts to accept gay clergy and to portray Jesus as a passive, wimpy victim rather than a tough-guy martyr like the Messiah portrayed in Mel Gibson's movie, "Passion of the Christ.""Jesus' act of self-sacrifice would ultimately have been meaningless -- yes, meaningless -- if he had not inflicted a mortal wound on the enemy while giving up his own life," Fischer wrote in his original column on Giunta's Medal of Honor. "The cross represented a cosmic showdown between the forces of light and the forces of darkness, and our commanding general claimed the ultimate prize by defeating our unseen enemy and liberating an entire planet from his bondage."With repeal of the military's "don't ask, don't tell" policy still possible during the lame duck session of Congress after Thanksgiving, it's likely that Fischer -- and others -- will have plenty of other opportunities to make their point, and perhaps with more support from their own troops on the religious right.groups:News, Politics tags:Medal of Honor,giunta |45 comments// Christian Conservative Blasts 'Feminized' Medal Of Honorhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0jejujohnGuinta killed one and probably wounded the other of the two taliban who were carrying away the body of his injured comrade.  That isn't enough killing for this "christian"? 1 month agoflag  reply+1FtheBULLSHTWith this man's logic any Air Force PJ doesn't deserve the Medal of Honor since their motto is "That others may live." 1 month agoflag  replysdgfwefwpo [removed]This comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.0MizPiz  sdgfwefwpo:get fucked 1 month agoflag  reply+2littlwarriorHe is just being an ass for the publicity. Unless he really does think this, then he is a heartless pig, do we see him taking enemy bullets, do we see him storming up to the enemy and spiting in his eye to save a freind. This soldier showed real honour and integrity by holding to his comrades, standing against the odds to save their lives. This soldier truly deserves this honour, this comenator deserves to be buried on some fox news slot, although insulting a soldiers right to be honoured for bravery may not sit well even amongst the most fanatical of the right wing. 1 month agoflag  reply+4musicjohnnyAs a Christian, it really saddens me to see people like this who make outrageous comments in the name of Christianity or conservatism. Sgt. Salvatore Giunta is a hero and is undeniably deserving of the military's highest honor. It's utterly irresponsible and un-american of Mr. Fischer to suggest otherwise. His comments are despicable and really annoys me that he counts himself as a Christian or a conservative. His actions suggest he is neither in my opinion. 1 month agoflag  reply0RMattnerToursMr. Fischer should re examine the principles of Christianity because he has it all wrong. I'd like to see him charging the Taliban with a dagger between his teeth, lobbing grenades and firing at random. The war in Afghanistan is not Hollywood Mr. Fischer, it's the real scary thing and if you wereinmsu re you'd shit yourself. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Mark701Maybe Mr. Fischer CAN travel to Afghanistan and show the US Army how it's done. Yeah, I'm laughingPeople like this cannot be taken seriously. 1 month agoflag  reply+1bike10How many of these so called Christian Conservatives ever served in the military? 1 month agoflag  reply+1SaladinIt's clearly a shock jock comment, no one could seriously think something that stupid.As others have pointed out, the primary way that the medal of honor is won is by saving comrades, not for killing.In fact, you could hardly find any medal of honors given out that weren't done for something, well, honorable. Holding the line to allow your comrades to escape, jumping on grenades, shit like that. You kill 100 people with a machine gun, that doesn't cut it. They'll give you a distinguished service cross or something, not an MoH.So he's literally the opposite of correct there.As for "feminized," feh, that's the dead-giveaway right there. There's nothing "feminine" about fucking taking a bullet for someone, let alone several.Plus it's a double-troll because he's attempting to fuck with "femininity" too, simultaneously degrading men and women.With all that established, I doubt he was dumb enough to believe what he said. It's too calculated, too perfect. That's how you know Limbaugh and Beck are fakes. It's too well-played, not enough contradiction, not enough humanity and too crass to be something people would really believe.That being said, it's hard to brush this one aside. Is there seriously nothing sacred to these fuckers? Nothing that they just won't say for fear of it being too much of a dick move?Jesus, they would call a bride fat on her wedding day. It's just tasteless. 1 month agoflag  reply-1Arc_AngelWhat the heck is with this sudden attack on Christianity???The Medal of Honor is awarded to the greatest selfless acts of one for the betterment of his country and people is it not?? For one thing, where do these so called "quotes" come from,Second, in a world where it is so easy to go out and KILL someone, is it not the greater challenge to lay ones life down for his friends? Did Jesus Christ not lay his life down for the love of his people????For a man to do this very thing and bring his comrades home alive as well as himself is an act worthy of Honor. Not be ridiculed by some jerk who thinks its not macho enough to be recognition, and then Blame the Christian community for it. In a world that has more than enough death going for it, how freakn dare you try and call it a "Christian Feminization" 1 month agoflag  reply+2Saladin  Arc_Angel:He's not blaming Christians, he is a Christian.Read it again. 1 month agoflag  reply0RMattnerTours  Saladin:He's clueless. 1 month agoflag  reply+3EdJoyProductionsChristian conservatives "blasted the award as "feminized" because it honors Giunta for saving his comrades rather than killing the enemy." Thou shalt not kill....  uh, I think that is a commandment?Turn the other cheek....  I think that is a method to deal with confrontation made popular by their lord?How about if he was killing the unborn babies of the enemies?!  No, no good?I just can't figure those people out!!! 1 month agoflag  reply+3timetidewell ya, Obama did it so they have to be against. at least they didn't say he made it more islamic or socalist. 1 month agoflag  reply+3randallr01HILARIOUS -- they're so afraid of women, those conservative men! And by being afraid of women, they're afraid of gays! They're afraid of all things that don't grunt & spit. 1 month agoflag  reply0Daniel_St_ClairSo describing a combat situation accurately and dealing with the reality of a dangerous situation is 'feminizing' it?  Oh I see; reality must have a 'feminized bias' whatever that means.Turning a troop's performance into an opportunity for lionized propaganda is an insult both to the intelligence of the American people, tand to our armed men & women as a whole.  Not to mention the individual soldier themselves.  Troops should be honored for brave performance, but propagandizing and exaggerating their performance is wrong.I also concur that with the various people saying that these remarks are 'un-Christian.'  It is not Christlike at all to celebrate people living by the sword and dying by the sword.  When we succumb to bloodlust and celebrate the act of killing rather than recognize the reality of and the nature of warfare then that's the moment we give up our humanity. 1 month agoflag  reply+4FtheBULLSHTSomething tells me that those who served with SFC Paul Ray Smith, PFC Ross McGinnis, CPL Jason Dunham, Master-At-Arms Second Class Michael Monsoor, LT Michael Murphy, SFC Jared Monti, and SSG Robert James Miller would all disagree with that article.PFC Ross McGinnis, CPL Jason Dunham, and Master-At-Arms Second Class Michael Monsoor all died while covering grenades to save their fellow soldiers, Marines, and sailors, respectively.  If that's considered feminine than I don't know what you'd consider masculine.Bryan Fischer, you can go fuck yourself. 1 month agoflag  reply+1Yoni_Rechtmanall you're doing when you even repsond to a man like Fischer is indulge him. by writing articles on how wrong he is (which he is) you're giving him exactly what he wants. the best thing to do is just to ignore people like this instead of recognizing their views by responding. let him alienate himself from the majority of good christians and rational America 1 month agoflag  reply0jubalThat right wing Christian commentator is talking excrement out of his mouth. 1 month agoflag  reply+7ozoneoceanI am insulted by the guy's implication that saving people isn't "masculine". This guy insults ALL men.What kind of a man is HE? Sounds more like a screaming little child to me. 1 month agoflag  reply0mik661  ozoneocean:You would think that he has to be goofing on us or something. Hard to believe that he is serious. Sort of like hearing people tell you what a great president Palin would be. 1 month agoflag  reply+3kennymotownDuring ww2 and the Island hopping campaign the Marines had dozens of Marines win the Medal of Honor and the number one way they won that medal was jumping on grenades saving their buddies. Look it up, I'm not lying and the idiot that said what he said is just that an idiot! 1 month agoflag  reply+1monsieurturtleThis man is either an idiot or a fantastic troll.I naturally assumed the former, but upon reading his comment on the firefighter story, I can't take this guy seriously. 1 month agoflag  replyXasthurNorttThis comment was removed as a violation of community guidelines.+1Nephwrackthe christian church. serving as the antichrist since the year 1 AD. 1 month agoflag  reply+1ImConcerned  Nephwrack:that would be true if christians existed in the first 100 years after jesus died... 1 month agoflag  reply0MizPiz  ImConcerned:They where "christians", there just wasn't an official church. 1 month agoflag  reply+6csmonutAhhhh...ya can't cure stupid. You can only ignore it. 1 month agoflag  reply+6pjacobs51I'm surprised he didn't see this medal as an upside-down pentagram also. 1 month agoflag  reply+4TimALoftisthis idiot says medal should only be given to Soldiers 'Who Kill People'WTF? 1 month agoflag  reply+1pjacobs51  TimALoftis:Onward marching Christian soldiers . . . heh 1 month agoflag  reply+2csmonut  pjacobs51:Such a good christian, yes? Kill, kill, kill..... 1 month agoflag  reply+1pjacobs51  csmonut:Well, from the "good" book alone . . .In total God kills 371,186 people directly and orders another 1,862,265 people murdered. 1 month agoflag  reply0Yoni_Rechtman  csmonut:when you so ignorantly admonish christianity across the board you are pouring the same slanderous hate-speech as this asshole. the institution of christianity (which in of itself is oxymoronic as christendom is really a collection of loosely connected factions) is not bad, wats bad is wen people use it justify things that are explicitly unchristian, ie. senseless violence over the prevention thereof. 1 month agoflag  replymore fromNews:Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . Online USA News: "Bob's Burgers" serves up bad first course Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia Too much fluoride in water! Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Dinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes Showfrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsunimatrix0 commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  9 minutes agoYes, I remember Kenny!These Tea Party douche bags were practically begging for violence with their "second amendment remedies" and "don't retreat, reload" mentality.... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  22 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. bailey78 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  40 minutes agoIf life gets any better my wife may have to get another job. southrabbit commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In...  1 hour agoThe better part of valour is restraint.   Before rushing into another paranoid tyrade, pause for a moment and realize that if proper support systems were in place, this fellow would have... Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  3 hours agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog