The Fertile Crescent-MesopotamiaHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceHistory and ArchaeologyHistory of Egypt and MesopotamiaThe Fertile Crescent-MesopotamiaThe Fertile Crescent-Mesopotamia87rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Kaie ArwenSee all 18 photosMesopotamiaWhen we think of modern day Western Asia, our first thoughts are of a region barren of trees, a hot, dry desert, a place of heat and sand, but it wasn't always that way............History knows this region as Mesopotamia; the land between two rivers. It was a beautiful place, lush and green, a land of forests complimented by the two rivers that ran within its boundaries. Originating in the Taurus Mountains of what is now Turkey, the Tigris and Euphrates Rivers run through the plateau of northern Iraq flowing southward into the Persian Gulf. These two rivers made it possible for one of the world's first great civilizations to develop. Civilizations require water; water is needed for survival, for the development of agriculture, and also for transportation. The Fertile Crescent was rich with greenery and fresh water, but the water didn't always cooperate. It wasn't always easy. The Tigris and EuphratesThe Tigris and Euphrates Rivers made life possible in what was a very dry land, but they also caused destruction. Silt deposits, carried by the rivers made the soil perfect for farming, but the rivers were needed for more than the rich soil they provided. Rain was sparse during the spring and summer months, and the fear of drought was a constant, but worse than the droughts were the floods that overflowed the river banks each fall just in time for the harvest. Flooding that not only destroyed crops, but homes and lives as well. Over time the Mesopotamians learned to use the environment to their benefit. In order to protect themselves from flooding, levees were built to hold back the flood waters. Those flood waters were then diverted into a series of canals that enabled farmers to irrigate their crops. The flooding was controlled, and the farmers were able to supply their crops with the water they needed to flourish. AgricultureArcheologists have traced the first known instances of surplus farming to about 8,500 years ago. The Fertile Crescent was abundant in a variety of wild plants; two of these plants were wheat and barley which also became the regions most important crops. The Tigris and the Euphrates, combined with the development of irrigation meant that farmers could harvest surplus crops, which in turn enabled the area to support larger populations. Small villages became cities, and those cities evolved into an established civilization.With the domestication of crops came further domestication; the domestication of animals expanded, as did the people's diets. Cattle, sheep, and pigs were found were found in the wild and on the homesteads. Gardens reaped beans, onions, lettuce, cucumbers, and herbs used for cooking. Sheep grazed the land, and wandered throughout the orchards of date palm, apple, and pomegranate trees. Shepherds cared for the cattle and the sheep. Predators kept them on guard. Loss of live stock was common, but those losses affected the owners greatly. Sheep supplied milk and wool; cattle were needed as laborers, milk producers, and as a source of meat. Amazingly, lions were one of the areas most common predators........... you'd never find one there today; they moved on to other parts of the world. Why do you think that is? THE INVENTION OF THE WHEEL MADE MANY THINGS POSSIBLE.CUNEIFORMREEDS ALONG THE EUPHRATES RIVERTHE CUNEIFORM ALPHABETCuneiformThe early civilization of Mesopotamia was made up of a group of city states. The region of southern Mesopotamia was known as Sumer. One might wonder how this successful civilization came to be? The answer to that would be found in its people. Sumerians were great inventors. Think about the irrigation methods they conceived to promote successful farming, and that it was the Sumerians who created some of the first wheeled vehicles. Wheels were used to transport goods and people; chariots allowed for quicker travel, and gave their armies an advantage during times of war. They also invented sail boats, the pottery wheel, and had innovative ideas about the subjects of math and science, but outside of all of these things their most important invention of all was the written word. Their writing, it was called cuneiform. Cuneiform, one of the earliest writing systems in the world allowed the Sumerian people to make records. Written law, a letter from one ruler to another, record keeping for business, and even riddles have been unearthed. The oldest tablets ever found date from around the year 3500 B.C. Cuneiform is a series of approximately 500 symbols, and those symbols were formed by picture writing, something similar to the pictographs we use with young students today. The symbols depicted the things they described, but there were also symbols used to show sound or other objects. The first writing was very detailed, but over time the symbols were simplified. Simplification allowed for efficiency of time, it made the art just a bit easier............ a form of ancient shorthand, but I'm dating myself.......... we don't use shorthand anymore do we? Many scribes also served as teachers, but students were almost always boys; girls weren't allowed, and it would have been a rare sight to see one in school. Student's studies began with becoming adept at making clay tablets and the creation of pens made from the reeds growing along the riverbanks. After they conquered the making of tools they'd move on to practicing the letters and studying math in order to keep records. Graduation found them scribes, official writers, and honored members of the community.  The Summerian CityThe Ziggurat of UrThe Bay of SumeriaGilgameshDaily LifeThe city-states of Sumeria flourished for a thousand years. Each city-state was self-governing, but they were often at war, with each other. The constant battle for power amongst the city-states themselves caused city residents to erect walls for protection, but the true reason for their warring were the rivers, everyone wanted control of the rivers, and some areas along the two rivers were more desirable than others.The city-states surrounded themselves with mud/brick walls. Gates were put in place to allow easy entrance and exit, and the local businesses often gathered at the gates to sell produce or household wares. The king's palace could be seen from the gates. In fact, the king's palace could be viewed from almost any part of the city.At the center of the Sumerian city was the ziggurat, a tall pyramid like structure that housed a temple on its flattened top. The Sumerians were polytheistic, and they worshipped many gods and goddesses, but each city had a special god; the one they believed protected them from harm. One Sumerian temple hired nearly 6,000 women and children to weave cloth; the cloth was used to honor their goddess, and it went on to clothe both the workers in the temples and the statues housed within its walls.City life was simple. The wealthy lived in large houses; their slaves and servants lived with them. Merchants arrived on a regular basis to sell prisoners taken during war. Slaves were identified by the specific way their hair was cut; an ancient form of branding. Interesting.Poor families worked; everyone worked. Mud walled huts were home, crafts were handed down through the generations, and reed mats were used for sleeping. Fathers were the head of the household in both rich and poor families. Wives were expected to obedient, and they were expected to teach their daughters that same submission to the male authority figure. A woman might be allowed to conduct business. She might even be allowed to own land, but under no condition could she seek to divorce her husband. Only a husband could do that, and it was a easy as paying a fine. If you had the money; you could eliminate the wife.Regardless of the everyday drudgery and hard work, the citizens of Sumeria would make time for leisure, time to simply have fun. Board games were popular, festivals were enjoyed by all, as were the occasional parades, dancing, and feasts. Storytellers were hugely popular, and the greatest of the surviving stories would be the tale of Gilgamesh, a hero who began a journey to seek out immortality. He never found what he was searching for, but his story is indeed immortal. SargonDisc of EnheduanaSargonIn 2300 B.C. a new king came to rule the city-state of Kush; his name was Sargon. Under Sargon, Mesopotamia became an empire. Sumer united for the first time, the wars amongst the city-states ended, and after he had accomplished peace in his homeland he went on to expand his dominion over a span of 900 miles. Sargon wrote what was one of the first sets of laws, messages were sent to keep his realm unified, and trades routes opened up along the rivers. His empire thrived during the 56 years that he reigned, but after his death it fell apart. The area knew maybe another fifty years of peace  before Hammurabi came to power some 400 miles away, but that's another story. So we end with an excerpt from the poetry of Sargon's daughter, Enheduana, one of the rare Sumerian women who was permitted to train as a scribe. This is just a small portion of a poem she wrote in honor of the goddess In-nin-sha-gurra. The great-hearted mistress, the impetuous lady, proud among the Anuna gods and pre-eminent in all lands, the great daughter of Suen, exalted among the Great Princes (a name of the Igigi gods) , the magnificent lady who gathers up the divine powers of heaven and earth and rivals great An, is mightiest among the great gods -- she makes their verdicts final. The Anuna gods crawl before her august word whose course she does not let An know; he dares not proceed against her command. She ../changes her own action, and no one knows how it will occur. She makes perfect the great divine powers, she holds a shepherd's crook, and she is their magnificent pre-eminent one. She is a huge shackle clamping down upon the gods of the Land. Her great awesomeness covers the great mountain and levels the roads.I think this speaks for itself; she wasn't just the daughter of a great man........... she deserved to be trained, and she did herself proud. Next up; Babylon,  Assyria, and a man called Hammurabivote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (10)Funny Awesome (11)Beautiful (5)History: Gilgamesh Epic- King and LegendHistory: The New Stone AgeCommentsbillyaustindillon5 months ago A beautiful hub with so much history. It makes me sad or mad when I think of what from this era has been destroyed, stolen or lost with war in iraq.Kaie Arwen5 months ago Billy- I completely agree with you. Many items survived for thousands of years only to be lost, but who knows? Maybe someday they'll reappear! I'd like to think they're still around waiting to be rediscovered............ maybe they are! Thanks for coming by! KaieK9keystrokes5 months ago Very pure information. I found it interesting how the city population would defend the 'water rights' so intensly, and that this is the main conflic origin. The art and carvings are simply beautiful, that image of the mosaic lion is powerful.I really enjoyed this hub, and found many bits of information I had not known prior.Kaie Arwen5 months ago K9keystrokes- That conflict arose over water rights is indeed interesting. I've heard many people talk about the fresh water supplies of this our modern world.......... the talk is never good. Hopefully history won't repeat itself........... at least not in my lifetime, or my kids lifetimes for that matter!The mosaic lion blows me away........... pure colors, pure beauty!Glad you enjoyed........... thanks for stopping by ~ Kaiefred allen5 months ago Great history lesson about the cradle of life! Pictures are awesome.satomko5 months ago You pack a lot of historical information into this hub, and it still reads well.  Good job!Kaie Arwen5 months ago fred allen- Thank you, a lesson it is! Might even make it into a powerpoint by the start of school............ this is the dry run; we'll see how it goes! Thanks for stopping by! KaieKaie Arwen5 months ago satomko- Good to see you and to know it reads well. Thanks for that! By the way.......... I finished Lavinia........... it was fabulous. Now I'll need to move onto some non-fiction before I pick up your next recommendation. Thanks for stopping by.......... Kaiesarovai5 months ago Reminded me the land of rich culture and civilaisation. How we are going to compare present to the past or to the future? We predict but can we able to assimiliate those things? Thank u for the historical hub.Kaie Arwen5 months ago sarovai- What a thoughtful comment. I wish I knew the answer to that. Predictions are easy........ assimilation? Maybe not quite as simple as in the days when humanity had no choice but to labor and support the community they lived in. I think that people today back away from support because they don't want to be bothered; they want nothing to do with things that don't directly affect their own personal welfare, and the fact is....... most don't see the relationship of community and common interest anymore. But I wonder what they'd do if the choice wasn't there...... When life turns upside down the people around us need our assistance....... how many are willing to give that?Thanks for this most thought provoking comment; you got me thinking today...... always a good thing! Kaiedallas934445 months ago The political "climate" in this area prevents the sharing and exploration. Great hub.Peggy W5 months ago What a fascinating hub filled with great photos of historic interest.  This would make for a wonderful powerpoint presentation!  Thanks for the lesson today.  Enjoyed it...plus...no test at the end!  Ha!Kaie Arwen5 months ago dallas93444- Yes, it does............. thank you!Kaie Arwen5 months ago Peggy- Thank you very much........... let's hope that if I can pull it all together........... the kids find it fascinating too! Glad you enjoyed......... and for the record, I'm not a huge believer in tests. I get more enjoyment from what people remember five years from now than I do scaring them with what they have to remember this minute! Thanks for stopping by.......... Kaiejambo875 months ago Great hub Kaie! I look forward to reading more.  Sargon was an interesting ruler, he established the first known dynasty, which would influence imperial leadership over the following millennium.Kaie Arwen5 months ago jambo87- Thank you, Sargon was an interesting ruler; the first to plate in leadership and expansion. His dynasty was extremely influential to those that followed. I think he must have been an amazing man............. hey, he sent his daughter to school. Acknowledging female intelligence would make him quite the "wise" one!Thanks for stopping over; I appreciate the visit. Kaiejambo875 months ago "Acknowledging female intelligence would make him quite the "wise" one!"And a proto-feminists to boot, way to go Sargon!Kaie Arwen5 months ago jambo87- Yes, it would, but I think I will go with the man was both "wise" and an indulgent father........... thanks for stopping back ~ KaieChristopher Muir5 months ago First, let me add to the praise for your site. It balances exposition with brevity, and was a pleasure to read. I would like to call attention to an error, however, one easy enough to make when paraphrasing research into early human history (or prehistory, if you prefer): early signs of agriculture did not begin 8,500 years ago, as you state, rather nearer to 8,500 B.C.E., or 10,500 years ago. My two on-hand sources for this are Maps of Time (David Christian, pg. 206, in an elegant timeline), and a college textbook, The West in the World (Sherman and Salisbury, pg. 6). An easy enough mistake, and one I suspect you would have caught on your own soon enough. Thanks for your efforts!Regards, a fellow teacher.Kaie Arwen5 months ago Christopher- Thank you! I am glad you found this a pleasure to read. Your comment about the early signs of agriculture is correct, but the timeframe I used comes from our curriculum, and my omission was the word "surplus;" I'm going to jump in and edit that right now.Thank you for pointing it out; the correction is appreciated! I covered the "early signs" in my two previous Hubs the Old Stone Age and the New Stone Age.Always nice to have a fellow teacher in the house :-D KaieJames A Watkins5 months ago A truly beautifully written piece, my dear. I learned much from you here todayas I always do from your work. Thank you for the education. :DKaie Arwen5 months ago James- 60 seconds, and a huge thank you, but I believe there is very little I could teach you that you don't already know! ;-) Kaiehabee5 months ago A fascinating history. Great job!Kaie Arwen5 months ago habee- Thank you! KaieShotgunChelle4 months ago very informative.Kaie Arwen4 months ago ShotgunChelle- Thank you!codey8 weeks ago thanks for the infoKaie Arwen8 weeks ago codey- you are most welcome!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites90Kaie Arwen202 Followers41 HubsJoined 16 months agoRead more hubs by Kaie ArwenFollow Kaie ArwenSubscribe to Kaie Arwen's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Kaie Arwen a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIf the Essenes means, "Follower's of Essa" and Essa is Arabic for Jesus and the Essenes libed...asked by Neferkaptah 6 months ago2 answersAnswer this questionBried history of Egypt and Mesopotamiaasked by WebbyAvatar 12 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Fight Between The Egyptian God Horus And God Sethby CASE1WORKERAncient Egyptian- Women/Priestess who worked in the templesby CASE1WORKERCats Role In Ancient Egypt: Cats and their Egyptiansby angela_michelleAncient Egyptian Myth, Isis and the Sun God's Secret Nameby CASE1WORKERA Geographical and Agricultural Comparison of Ancient Egypt...by uncorrectedvisionFive Early Civilizationsby jambo87 History and Archaeology ForumTopicRepliesThe hidden secrets of the worldposted by Edward Kaahui Jr7Has Darwin's Evolution Theory clouded our judgmentsposted by IntimatEvolution385Most Important Events of 2010posted by Freeway Flyer12Post a new topic37 more topics Tagsmesopotamia sumer cuneiform fertile crescent ziggurat ur Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.932 sec)  working