CRYSTAL SKULLS AND THE MAYA CALENDARHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsTravel and PlacesTravel Activities and IdeasCultural Immersion during TravelCRYSTAL SKULLS AND THE MAYA CALENDARCRYSTAL SKULLS AND THE MAYA CALENDAR79rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy MayaMexParisPalenque MuseumPalenque MuseumPalenque, Chiapas MxicoAztec Calendar, Mxico CityCRYSTAL SKULLSThe Ancient Maya Civilization not only mastered the arts; they were great Architects, Urban Planners, Mathematicians and Astronomers. Created sophisticated calendars and had advanced knowledge of astrological cycles.Great Architects and urban planners. Designed astronomically aligned cities with the exact layout of planets and stars. Advanced in Science and medicine, knew the importance of food for the body and had great knowledge of plants for medical use. Their Ah'me'en (doctors) made dental implants and cranium trepanations. Manufactured sculptures, worked with ceramics, precious metals, different stones, wood and jade. Astronomy: they knew about the stars, the cycles and the effect that the sun and moon had with their Mother Earth. Used vibration of crystals and rocks for spiritual healing.The Maya believe that crystals "bring back the erased memory of our past" - "birth amnesia."One of their gods, Ah'Puch "The God of Death", was represented in many of their works and in different materials. He lived in the underworld, where the Maya believe there are 9 levels. (See Maya Symbols)The Crystal Skulls and the Maya Calendar are connected in the Mythology of the Maya, Olmec and Aztec Civilizations. To understand the connection we must look into their Calendars and Cycles, but most of all, in their books. The Popol Vuh was their main book, their Bible. The Spanish Priests, when they conquered Mxico, burned many of the Maya books or Codex (codexes), as they are called. Their main book, the Popol Vuh, was translated with changes that would benefit the new religion. Now, we can compare the Popol Vuh translation with a magnificent archaeological discovery in El Mirador, Guatemala, where a 2,200 year old huge carving was found in a structure that was used to store water. It shows a Maya mythological passage, where the twin heroes Ixbalanque and Hunacp leave the underworld carrying the head of their father, Hun Hunap. This find is going to change the history books. We think that the Popol Vuh was changed by the Spaniards when they translated it. Now we can compare it with the massive structure that was found and verify its contents."The archaeologists excavating the site of Mirador, say they have evidence that this remote site, is home to the largest pyramid in the world by volume. It also has the first freeway system in the world and a newly unearthed piece of artwork, the size of a football field, which could rewrite the historical timeline of the Maya civilization." This piece of artwork is the Popol Vuh, their Sacred Book. INAHGOVSeveral Crystal skulls were found in different parts of Mxico and Central Amrica, near where the Maya and Olmec Civilization flourished. They are thought to be "magical and with healing powers." Made of Quartz, a semi-precious gemstone; a crystal that develops an electric potential upon the application of mechanical stress. A crystal that has been used for years for its "magical powers," and vibration. Crystals are considered an "all purpose healing stone for the body and soul" in many civilizations. Maya legend says that the Crystal skulls are aligned in different parts of the world to balance the vibration of Mother Earth. "When the time is right, the 13 skulls will be brought together so that they can interact. The 13 skulls represent the 13 worlds that exist in our universe. We, in the Mother Earth are the children." Does this mean that there is coded information stored inside? Are these part of the Hawara Hall of Records that Plato wrote in "Timaeus and Critias" ...in the Temple of Neith, in Egypt, there were secret halls containing historical records which had been kept for more than 9,000 years....Belize 1927- Anna Mitchell-Hadges found an 11 lb. 7 oz. crystal skull with detachable jaw when his father was excavating a Maya pyramid. The skull is a perfect replica of a human. ln 1960 the skull was studied and photographed by the Hewlett-Packard Company in Santa Clara, California. The Lab tests results reveal that the skull has optical properties, and that it would be virtually impossible to duplicate it with modern day equipment. The test to see where the crystal came from is inconclusive. In the Book of Destiny from Carlos Barrios, he talks about the qualities of these skulls and says that 28 genuine skulls have been found. He has a very interesting chapter about it. I don't know if this is true, but I would like to know where they are. I know of the one in Paris, England, Texas, Honduras, Mxico, and, some that can't be verified. What I know, from the Lacandn Indians, from the locals that I have interviewed, and, many others around the world, is that they believe that "the flying 'Gods' the ones that came from the sky, were the ones that taught the priests about their knowledge. "They knew how to move big pieces of stone, carve it and used crystals to heal, cut and project light." The flying Gods will come back at the end of the Fifth Era." Crystal Skulls - It is impossible to make such an incredible piece of art with such precision when modern tools were not available. Cuts that can only be done with special diamond or laser tools, were done and polished without scratches and, in some of them, with perfect removable jaws. Believed to be 5,000 to 35,000 years old, they are still a mystery. Crystal Quartz produces high frequency of energy vibration. The Maya believed that the pyramids were made by moving and cutting big stones by producing vibration.AKASHIC RECORDS OR ETHER (A'ETHER-SPACE) The Akashic Records or Akasha, are a series of books that are believed existed since the beginning of the Creation. They describe the different species of animals, plants, rocks, and ethereal beings. The belief is that every soul has a recorded book that, if we meditate, we can view or revise our book. These library of all events concerning consciousness in all realities, can be reached, and used by everyone. In "Journey of Souls," Michael Newton, a hypnotherapist, talks about the Akashic Records."Souls prior to being incarnated go to a 'library' and view the pages associated with the life they are considering. The pages are not necessarily sequential. Although there may be definitive way points along the course of our lives, our free will can change paths, events and outcomes. As the soul prepares for a life with the intent of learning a particular lesson or satisfying a karmic debt (Sanskrit for 'come back'), the soul will also choose a family and a body that will help them with the lessons for this incarnation. For many, some of those images survive "birth amnesia," and then, become our intuition that serves us during our lives." The Maya, Egyptian, Tibetan, Persian, Greek and many different Sages, Shamans, Seers, Cybil's, Mediums, Mystics or Prophets, would channel their energy to read from those books. The way to access this information was by meditation, breathing and quiet of the mind. Sometimes people record looking at their lives when they have a near-death experience. One of the most notorious writers and seers was NostraDamus, (Our Lady). It is said that he used the Akashic Records to write his famous Quatrains. Edgar Cayce and Alice Bailey were recorded saying that they consulted the Records for their readings. Ajao, a Chinese Prophet, predicted more than two thousand years of events consulting the Records. In India, the Surat Shagda Yoga studies the Trikuti, or Ajna Chakra, the space between the two eyebrows which is the seat of the mind in the waking state. This point is said to be so powerful it can be used to access the records. In the Ancient Maya Civilization it was referred to as the Book of Life or Tree of Life.The Maya believe that there is a copy of the Records of the worlds or Tree of Life, in the South of the Yucatn Pennsula, near Piedras Negras, the Usumacinta River and Yaxchilan, Chiapas area. AKSHA 'ka' India snscrit ther.Journey to the Magical World of the MayaMaya SymbolsPortals, Vortex - The Maya WormholeTechnology of the Gods- At the Museo Nacional de Antropologa in Mxico City, in the Mexica and Olmeca Exhibitions, there are 2 small crystal skulls; 1.49 inches tall by 1.98 inches wide, approximately. The director of the Museum, the Archeologist Felipe Sols, was interviewed by the mexican newspaper El Sol de Mxico. One of the big skulls, that once was at a mexican museum is now unaccounted.Mystery Skull Disappears- The gods are credited of teaching the 'A'hau' or Maya priests, the Calendars, Mathematics, Astronomy and everyday life skills. The priests, in turn, became more and more powerful and controlled the people through fear, ignorance, and economics; keeping them poor. This is still the best way to control the masses.- After years of not receiving visits from the gods, they had to do something. They thought that if the skull of their people was elongated, like the ones that the gods had, they would have the same intelligence. So, the priests would select the boys at a tender age, and put their heads between boards to elongate their heads. Terrible? Yes, but not only the Mayas had this practice, the Incas, Aztecs, the Egyptians, and in many other parts of the world, ancient civilization had the same idea, the same belief.- With the discovery of the Giant Crystal Cave, in the Desert of Chihuahua in 2000, and many other caves that are being 'discovered' with the new technology, we expect to find answers. "The cave contains some of the largest natural crystals ever found: gypsum beams measuring up to 36 feet long and weighing up to 55 tons." National Geographic Giant Crystals Cave - Every day we are learning of new discoveries; "female skeleton dated at 13,600 years old along with three others, were found in underwater caves in theYucatn, Mxico."13,600 years old skeleton in theYucatnMAYA JOURNEY  EgyptTHE LABERYNTH OR HAWARA HALL OF RECORDSRobert Shoch, a Geologist at Boston University, is one of the many Archaeologist who is trying to find the Labyrinth or Hawara Hall of Records. The Labyrinth that Herodotus refered to in the 5th Century BC. The "Father of History," wrote about his visit to the impressive 4,000 year old Pyramid of Hawara, Egypt, and the rooms full of knowledge that record the life on Earth. He wrote about the Atlantis and the great knowledge that this great civilization gave to several of the ancient civilizations. He also wrote about a warning for the future generations: about the steps, that the future generations have to take, in order to survive. At one time, Greek and Romans described that, near the Hawara Pyramid, existed a vast complex, almost a labyrinth of chambers. It had open courts, chapels, hidden rooms full with documents made of papyrus, describing the history of civilization, and the important steps that humans have to take for the continuation of the human race.Legend says, that, "the survivors of Atlantis went to Egypt and to the New World to teach the locals and spread their knowledge." The Hall of Records or "Eight Wonder of the World," as it was called, was re-discovered in the 1800-82 by Sir William Matthew Flinders Petrie. Years later, it was lost because of the proximity to water sources. Now, researchers are making a desperate attempt to find it. However, if you read Petrie's book, you will be disappointed in how he describes the way "he cut the pyramid and destroyed it." Sad to read, the way that the "pyramid was destroyed": W. M. Flinders Petrie "Kahun, Gurob, and Hawara," London : Kegan Paul, Trench, Trubner, and Co., 1890 University of Chicago Digital Library In 355 BC the Great PHILOSOPHER PLATO wrote about the cataclysm of Atlantis, their great knowledge and the Hall of Records. Plato's dialogues "Timaeus and Critias." PROPHETESS CUMAEAN SIBYLSibyl was the Priestess presiding over the Apollonian Oracle at Cumae, near Naples, Italy. She was one of the four sibyls painted by Raphael (Santa Maria della Pace), and by Michelangelo in the Sistine Chapel ceiling. She wrote about the incredible knowledge of the Atlantis Civilization and the way that it ended, the Labyrinth or Records Hall and the survivors that went to spread their knowledge to protect the future of mankind. King Tarquin declined several times her books until he finally purchased the last 3, and then, 'she (Sibyl), disappeared from among men' (Dionysius). She burned some of her books and the ones purchased by King Tarquin were burned by the Christian General Stilicho in AD 405. The entrance of the cave of Sybyl at Cumae, is very interesting; compare it to the Maya Arch at Uxmal. DENDERA ZODIAC, part of a ceiling in a Chapel dedicated to Osiris, in the Hathor Temple at Dendera, Egypt. It contains images of Libra and Taurus. Now, part of the ceiling is at the Louvre Museum. It gives us a glance at the knowledge the Egyptians had of the PRECESSION OF THE EQUINOXES.Peri Em Heru, the ancient Egyptian book known as "Spells of Coming-Going", now called the Book of Death, written on a papyrus scroll, talks about the Hall of Records and the Atlantis. EDGAR CAYCE'S "Journeys to the Hall of Records" writes about Atlantis. He says that there are three Halls of Records; near the Sphinx in Egypt, underwater in the Bimini area, and, in the Yucatn Pennsula near the city of Piedras Negras. He talks about the destruction of that race 15,000 years ago, and after the destruction, all the records of that civilization were taken to Egypt and were deposited near the Sphinx. Edgar Cayce was one of the most famous psychics. Was the sudden rise of ancient civilizations created because they took this knowledge from the survivors of the Island of Atlas?ANCIENT EGYPT MAYA JOURNEYFodor's Cancun, Cozumel & the Yucatan Peninsula 2010 (Fodor's Gold Guides)Amazon Price: $11.13List Price: $17.99Cob: Waters stirred by the wind; Built between two lakes This afternoon we arrived in Cob: Built between two lakes. We checked into a beautiful Villa and walked towards the wonderful archaeological zone. We knew it was late but we wanted to talk with the locals. It was an experience! A pig was being butchered and my husband took pictures ( I am vegetarian!). A family of local Maya descendants put the pig in a huge black kettle. This was done on the side of the street. We stopped to talk to them. "Yes, my neighbor found a black crystal skull and some jade pieces years ago, and he carved two holes in order to wear it on a chain." He then reveled to us that he had seen an Aluxe or "Duende," (Dwarf). Maya Legend says that they were the first human beings on Earth. Very intelligent, built the pyramids and the great cities and were destroyed by a flood. Now they are on Earth like beings of energy that live in caves, Cenotes and pyramids, but, can also be visible if they want. They can communicate to help or bother a family, a community or a part of the world. Before exploring any archaeological zone, workers and visitors have to ask respectfully permission to enter. Workers and local people still do and we will also, just in case, and out of respect when we enter the pyramids tomorrow morning! The Perfect VacationMAYA SYMBOLS AND MYTHOLOGYUnderstanding some of the symbols and mythology of the Anciant Maya is very important when we travel or admire their architecture, art and history. This is just a glance of that magnificent culture.2012 Maya Calendar; Prophecies, Cycles and FearThe Maya believed that when a cycle ends, a new one begins. 2012 is the end of this cycle; the 'God that can fly' will visit again, the same God that taught them about Astronomy, Math and Architecture.- The...Maya, Archaeology, and the YucatnCENOTES 'dzonot', the Maya "Sacred Door to the Underworld," are bodies of water connected underground, sometimes creating caves, open wells (like the one in Dzibilchaltn) and ponds (Chichn Itz). There...Yucatn Driving Guide; The Perfect Vacationvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Travel Archaeology History Ancient Civilizations: 2012 and THE MAYA CALENDAR - Prophecies, Cycles and FearTravel Archaeology History Ancient Civilizations:  Yucatn Driving Guide; The Perfect VacationCommentsNo comments yet.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites91MayaMex21 Followers34 HubsJoined 13 months agoRead more hubs by MayaMexContact MayaMexFollow MayaMexSubscribe to MayaMex's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk MayaMex a question based on this Hub.Related Questionswhat do you use the dynamite for on lego indiana jones 2 for the wii - kingdom of the crystal...asked by jodie1556 4 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionWhat does it mean to dream about exorcism or crosses?asked by vox vocis 32 hours ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsMAYA SACRED CAVES AND CENOTESby MayaMex2012 and THE MAYA CALENDAR - Prophecies, Cycles and Fearby MayaMexCHETUMAL - BACALAR "THE LAKE OF THE SEVEN COLORS" and THE...by MayaMexToltecs and Teotihuacn, "the place where men become gods"by MayaMexThe Truth About 2012: Will the World Really End?by Holly MathesonPrecious and Semi Precious Gemstones Jewelryby Anamika S Travel Activities and Ideas ForumTopicRepliesTraveled 94 countries, anyone want a tip.posted by Castlepaloma24Travel Savingsposted by jerrysparke20places to liveposted by iyah0518Post a new topic22 more topics Tagshealing mexico 2012 calendar prophecy predictions Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.812 sec)  working