Why Do We Keep Pets? Is Keeping Pets Wrong?HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsAnimal Rights and WelfareHumane Treatment of AnimalsWhy Do We Keep Pets? Is Keeping Pets Wrong?Why Do We Keep Pets? Is Keeping Pets Wrong?86rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Shil1978A very interesting question. I have thought about this question myself in the past and am glad that I've been called upon to reflect upon this question again by you. Well, I will start with the first part of your question, "Why do we keep pets?" Well, the most obvious answer to that question would be that we keep pets for companionship. We feel happy to have a pet that we can love and care for. Essentially, a pet gives a person a sense of fulfillment. We derive joy playing with and talking with a pet. This is especially true for the elderly or those who live a lonely existence. So in that sense, a pet has a positive impact on a person. It is no wonder then that people like keeping pets. Its not a new phenomenon either - humans have kept pets through the ages.Coming to the second part of your question, "Is having a pet necessary?" Well, I've answered part of it above. It might not be necessary, but having a pet certainly improves the quality of life of some people more than others. Especially, as stated above, people who are lonely or depressed or the elderly.Coming to the most interesting and thought-provoking part of your question, "Is it not against the freedom of the animal concerned?" Well, certainly the pet owners would think that they are doing the animal a favor by caring for it and loving it, but I do feel in some cases, they do indeed imprison the animal. Birds as pets are an example. I am sure no bird would want to be caged. Certainly, birds have wings for a reason and their place is not in a cage. So, yes in some cases the desire to have a pet overrides any sense of empathy for the freedom of that animal. It would be great if people realize specific instances where they might in fact be harming or impeding the freedom of the animal in some way.Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box, Large, Green and BeigeAmazon Price: $32.40List Price: $44.99Omega Paw Self-Cleaning Litter Box, LargeAmazon Price: $32.40List Price: $38.95Omega Paw Paw-Cleaning Litter Mat, TanAmazon Price: $7.37List Price: $9.99Omega Paw RA20 Self-Cleaning Litter Box, Large, Green and TanAmazon Price: $32.40HubPages - An Introduction For NewbiesWhat is HubPages - Learn About HubPages Here. Sign up is free. If you like writing (stories, poems, would like to share recipes, want to write reviews of products or just share your views on various topics) - this is a great site to start.Publishing is easy and your articles go live in seconds. You might want to give it a try.Free HubPages Signupvote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful CommentsJYOTI KOTHARI2 years ago Thanks for answering my request. A short but sweet hub. I especially liked your view about freedom of animal. I rated the hub up.Thanks,jyoti kotharibriannerose2 years ago Hi I came accross your hub you have some very interesting views. I have a budgie and a ferret, My budgie is only caged if he needs to go to the vet. My ferret is only caged if he is sick or needs to see the vet. I do not belive that my animals should be caged just because people say they should be. I do not even clip my budgie's wings because if gives him the freedom to fly around the house. You may ask how do i protect him from windows. I cover the windows so that he does not mistake the window to be open. He knows where his food is and he sleeps in his cage with the door open. My ferret uses a litter box and also knows where to eat and drink. As for needing the pets, I find they bring me alot of fullfillment and joy. I am not alone I do have children and a partner but when we feel down these animals do come and say hi. Good hub though. Keep writing.Great finds22 months ago I was just planning to buy an African Grey :/I have 2 pitbulls (totally ruined reputation thanks to TV) and a Ball python. I think that pitbulls would want to stay with me, the snake doesn't care as long as it eats lolNow I don't think I want an african grey :(Bard of Ely21 months ago I think in an ideal world we would not keep pets because they are prisoners to varying degrees and are potential victims of the human system and ways of life. Millions have short lives because they are unwanted, many are very badly abused. At the same time millions are loved and cared for and have good lives. It is complicated. I have even thought about feeding meat products to cats and dogs - of course we have to but for all the animal rights people and vegans and vegetarians and those who campaign against animal farming and killing for meat, the keeping of these companion animals poses a big problem. How could we feed the millions of dogs and cats in an ideal world with their natural food if we do not have farming, slaughterhouses etc to produce the food? We cannot and so maybe it is not right to keep these animals as pets?I live with a cat and have had others and they were all unwanted animals. I think it is right that people take on animals that will otherwise die but that they shouldn't buy animals bred to supply an industry. The pet business is as corrupt as any other and the animals are seen as things to sell not living feeling sentient beings!Shil197821 months ago Very interesting perspective Bard - I agree with most of what you've stated. If the intention is to help the animal - its good. However, if the sole intention is to have the animal for one's own comfort, disregarding the animal's freedome (as in the case of caged birds) - then I think its very wrong.Ritwik11 months ago we keep petsBec6 months ago I have a few thoughts about owning a pet. I have not read the books listed above so feel free to argue with me or correct me. I started this comment not really knowing where I stand. For a long time, I was actually against having pets, seeing it as slavery (yet was not a vegetarian; those two issues have always been completely separate for me). As I wrote this, I felt my thoughts really coming together. And yes I know this hubpage is old so no one will probably read my drivel anyway!The Choice to Adopt a Pet:Animals do not chose to be bred as a pet sure, but nor does a human baby chose to be conceived. I did not choose my family, the country I was born, or the fact that I am on the planet Earth at all. We keep animals for our own emotional benefit, which is a selfish act, but is not a women who longs to hold her human offspring in her arms and feels the body clock ticking and has a baby not selfish too? Substitute the cat or dog or goldfish or lizard for a human. Is adopting another human being wrong? Young adopted infants have no say in the matter, yet they grow attached to their new parents too. Cats and dogs do the same.Animal Abuse:Granting rights to animals to be free from cruelty is in no way granting "special" rights. You adopt a pet for the same reasons you adopt a child, so why wouldn't mistreating a pet be the same as mistreating a child?"But they have a better life with me/ in the wild":I am not saying that animals are the same as humans. They are not. Every animal has a different diet, different instincts, different personalities. I think that anyone who loves their animal will try to allow for these animal traits to the best of their ability ie. providing scratching posts for cats, or taking dogs for walks. Maybe there are exceptions, birds or rats or hamsters in small cages, but I don't know enough these types of animals to really comment. I tend to prefer a cat who has free reign of the house, or a dog who has a large yard, or a horse who has a paddock. But again, you don't let your children run wild do you? If you did, they wouldn't remain your child for very long. I don't necessarily see being a pet a privileged position 'above' animals in the wild, it is simply a different one. Pets do receive medical care, eat more nutritious foods and have a longer life expectancy, but the fact that we do this for our pets again says something about human emotions rather than anything about the animals. An animal in pain means nothing unless we attach emotions to it, same with another human in pain. A lion does not feel emotion for a trout in pain. But our emotion "is" (I don't really know how to explain that any further so I apologies if I am not making sense). I'm trying to back up the fact that pet ownership is purely an emotional thing on the part of the human, but that this is not necessarily a bad thing. We don't round up every animal in the world and ship them off to wilderness day-care, because the position that most animals in the world are in, is the position that has come about through millions of years of changes and upgrades. Again, it is not somehow 'worse' or 'better'.Animal Abuse Again:People who abuse animals and people do not feel that emotion, the emotion that is the basis for our morals. That is not normal. Feeling affection for an animal is as normal as feeling affection for a human.Conclusion:In alternate universes, humans might probably not keep pets. It is such a funny thing when you think about it. At least having your own offspring or looking after another human's offspring can be put down to the evolutionary need to continue one's species.  We humans like to think that we are much more than just innate urges and habits, and our affections and awe are not limited to just our own species, BUT could not the urge to adopt an animal be JUST as much an evolutionary urge as any?Thanks for reading.Shil19786 months ago Thank you Bec for taking the time to expound on this question - and so comprehensively!! From your response, I'd pretty much suggest you join HubPages and write a hub on it :)Seriously though, I loved reading your response. Very different and very comprehensive! Thank you so much for commenting Bec, appreciate your perspective!! Thanks for visiting!!Bec6 months ago Thank you Shil1978! Reading back over my comment I don't know if it makes much sense but at least you seem to know what I'm on about right? :-P I don't really know what hubpages are, I just found this page through a spontaneous google search for "against keeping pets" but will have a look into it :)Shil19786 months ago Bec, your ideas can be refined further, but it was a wonderfully different perspective. Hence, my appreciation :)Ah - HubPages - well, I've added a section above the comment section with links to FAQ titled "HubPages - An Introduction For Newbies."Read up on it and you'd know all that there is to know about HubPages, and if you like what you see there, do join us :)KoffeeKlatch Gals4 months ago I adopted two abused pets.  They are both beautiful loving little dogs that seem to be happy and content.  I think mostly they are happy to not be abused any longer.I enjoyed reading your hub, you did an excellent job.  Thank you.Shil19784 months ago KKG - thank you for stopping by and commenting. Wonderful of you KKG for adopting those abused pets. They'd surely be happier than they were before.Animals shouldn't be abused in the first place - sad that they are!!Glad that you appreciated this hub. Thanks again for stopping by!!Lynnette4 months ago I kinda stumbled upon this webpage in a similar way to Bec, & I kinda have the same point of view as her, as well as mixed feelings..I feel that having a pet has it's own pros and cons & whether we should or not is a totally different thing.We cannot turn back time & hence certain species of animals have already been bred for domestication (e.g. dogs). I do agree that these species can be kept as pets & maybe being as pets, they would have a much better life than deserting them in the wild and hope that they could fend for themselves.However, I also feel that non-domesticated species such as snakes & turtles should not be kept as pets. They weren't bred for any purposes by humans and should definitely be in the wild. Birds are similar as well. Although we have domesticated them in the past, they were allowed to fly free (e.g. eagles and hawks). But look at the household birds now - they do have wings for a reason & not to be kept in cages.I feel that we adopt pets as our companions despite the fact that we know that animals do not have a choice. But it brings us both benefits. We prolong our lives as well as the animal's, giving them better environmental conditions than the wild. We might eliminate loneliness for ourselves, but how do you know that your pet doesn't? Other than the host family, it doesn't really have "friends" of its own kind. It can't communicate like how they naturally would given the fact that we do not understand a thing about what they are saying & could only link our own emotions to their behaviour & reactions, which we might not even decipher the correct meaning. So would you classify that as a welfare issue?I'm kinda sitting on the fence & to not be thinking abt it too much, I do not have a pet. Hahaha. Sorry, I seemed to have typed more than what I predicted. :pShil19784 months ago Thank you Lynnette for stopping by this hub and commenting. I am glad you took the time to reflect on this subject. I couldn't agree with you more. Keeping animals such as snakes isn't just unethical/wrong, but also very dangerous as numerous owners of such pets have found out!! Some have even lost their lives or been badly injured by such dangerous pets.Same goes for birds, although most of them are not dangerous, and anyways, most owners just cage them. Here, it is more of an ethical/moral issue. To me - it just isn't right to cage a bird or any animal for that matter!!Just because animals can't speak or voice their opinion, doesn't mean we should impose our will on them and imprison them. Of course, abused animals/strays, etc. (mostly domesticated) should be adopted and cared for. That is not the same as taking an animal that should have lived in the wild and trying to domesticate it - they are already domesticated (animals such as domestic cats/dogs).Thanks again Lynnette for stopping by and for the detailed response, much appreciated :)Lynnette3 months ago Haha. Thanks for replying my comment as well! & also for having the same opinion. :DI'm currently a Uni student & I'm having sort of a class debate on this topic. Urgh. Kinda get my head around things, but it's good to read up what others might think of it. Sadly, I'm on the "for" side, which I solely do not want to be. But anyhoos.. It can't be avoided. Hehe. Btw, this Hub thingy is awesome! :DMuddBuddha2 months ago In the case of dogs specifically, we've bred them to our liking for thousands of years and have ruined their ability to sustain themselves in the wild successfully.  So, while an arguement can be made that ownership is a violation of their freedom, we made that choice a long time ago and have now partnered ourselves with them forever.  Unless we were to completely abandon them for the sake of their "freedom" and stand blindly by as they suffer in their new found freedom.A good owner reciporcates the love a pet gives, so the relatioship benefits both.  I would fight to the death to protect my Lexi and she would do the same for me.I care for her and she in turn protects our home that we share together.  It's a cooperation of species inasmuch an "ownership" - which is only the legal term.Shil19782 months ago Thank you, MB, for your interesting perspective on this subject. Yes, I agree with the example you gave with respect to dogs.  I am not sure though that the reciprocity exists across all "pets."How would you know, for example, that a bird is reciprocating your love for it? For all you know, the bird might be lamenting its misfortune of being caged against its will.So, while I agree that some pets may indeed benefit equally from being kept as pets, others may not!! A vast majority of pets in fact are kept for the sole need for companionship/pleasure of their owners.ezguides5 weeks ago If I could have things my way I would have all animals living in their natural environment.  But since dogs and cats by the millions are put down each year then keeping pets do in fact save their lives.  Furthermore, letting pets like cats run wild is as irresponsible as letting our children run wild.  We are not living in Eden people ~ there are cars, chemicals, wild animals and evil people everywhere.  Not to mention my husband and I just found a skin and bone cat in our garage because our neighbor believe in giving their cat "freedom."  Poor thing starved for a month in our garage and cost us almost $2,000 to bring him closer to health!Maria Cecilia2 weeks ago We have pets because we love animals... let's make my answer limited to myself, I have dogs because I love dogs, there is really nothing wrong in having pets especially if they added joy to your life, remember when you love something, you accept all the respobnsibilities that go along with it...keeping a pet is not easy but since I love having them around, I struggled through all difficulties just to have them, and that gave me fulfillment. Looking at my dog Peso after he survived six surgeries is giving me so much joy.  Pet rearing became wrong when the owner is not really ready for the responsibilities. so it's always wise to remind people to think and read first before getting a pet.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesSome of my Other Hubs:How To Deal With Failure - Ways To Cope With FailureTips and strategies for dealing with failure!Commonly Misused English WordsEnglish can be a tough language to get ones head around, especially for those for whom English is a second language. However, even for native English speakers, written English in particular can be tricky...Shy and Happy - Being Shy is Not BadHave you known of someone at some point in your life who was shy? Chances are you would have. If you did come across a shy person, and you yourself were not shy by any means, what was your reaction towards...What will the world be like in 100 years?Know how the world would look like in 100 years? Here's my perspective!How To Deal With A Negative PersonIf you have been unfortunate enough to have come across or, worse, live with a negative person, you'd know how tough it can be. Honestly, I haven't come across anything more frustrating or irritating than...How to Avoid Fights and Confrontations - Guide to Co...Have you ever gotten into a fight that turned real nasty? Did the fight end up with you sustaining some serious injuries? Did you wonder at the end of it that you could've avoided getting into that fight in...94Shil1978HubPages Elite533 Followers188 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Shil1978Contact Shil1978Follow Shil1978Subscribe to Shil1978's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionWhy do we keep pets? Is it necessary? Is it not against the freedom of that animal?asked by JYOTI KOTHARI 2 years ago3 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk Shil1978 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIs keeping birds as pets ethical? Isn't caging birds wrong? What do you think?asked by Shil1978 8 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionWhat is it with all of these dead fish and birds in the US.? What is killing these animals and why?asked by Dave Mathews 2 days ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsPet Euthanasia-How to Come to an Impossible Decisionby lorlie6Ink, Not Minkby relacheNeutering Your Male Dogby Whitney05Training And Conditioning The Fighting Rooster in the Mirrorby Jerilee WeiAnimal Fighting: Dogfights, Cockfights, and Other Animal...by finatics My Mother rescued an Abused Pomeranian Dog named Skippy by Peggy W Animal Rights and Welfare ForumTopicReplieswould you make your child kill their pet as punishmentposted by bonny201078animal abuseposted by megan5427Should dogs have shock collars?posted by FactAndFiction42Post a new topic12 more topics Tagsfamily pets freedom why morality keeping pets Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.449 sec)  working