Tips if you suspect abuse or neglect in dogsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPets and AnimalsAnimal Rights and WelfareAnimal Abuse and NeglectTips if you suspect abuse or neglect in dogsTips if you suspect abuse or neglect in dogs85rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy alexadryWhat to do if you suspect animal abuseAbused dogs lack that certain spark in their eyes. They walk with their tail between their legs and their heads carried low. They have lost confidence in their selves and have lost trust in human beings. You can tell an abused dog from a mile away. It is very unfortunate to learn that these dogs were once wonderful pets, eager to please their owners, willing to spend time together and lead a normal happy life. Every year millions of dogs are abused and/or neglected. The difference between abuse and neglect is about what is done and what is not done. Abuse occurs when an owner or other person intentionally punishes a dog and submits it to horrendous acts. We have all heard horror stories of dogs beaten to death or trained to perform in cruel dog fights. Neglect occurs when there is lack of care, owners leave their dog tied up to a tree with no food or water. Dogs are left outdoors on cold freezing nights or major during heat waves.Most abused dogs will lead and continue to lead these awful days throughout their lives, unless somebody decides to finally step in and put a halt to this intolerable behavior.If you would witness a case of abuse or neglect that are many things you can do to report such criminal activities. Abusing/neglecting a pet is considered an actual crime and there are stiff penalties. Studies have also shown that people prone to abuse animals are also those prone to rape, assault and commit homicide.It is vital for you to know that as a witness you will be protected. You will remain anonymous, your name will only be released to those agencies that enforce animal protection just so they can follow up with you and provide updates.You can report the case of abuse/neglect to your local animal shelter, humans society or animal control association. They should be equipped to deal with such cases and likely will start an investigation.If there are no human societies or animal control offices in your area you can report directly to your local police department.During The investigation officers will monitor the situation closely. In severe cases they will intervene immediately and seize the dog from its owner. The case is presented to the prosecutor's office for possible prosecution.Fortunately, most cases are not so severe and rather require that the owner be better educated about the dog's care and needs. In this case, if neglect is suspected, the owner may receive a citation and/or is given a chance to correct the violation.Sadly, in some cases when seized dogs are handed over to the humane society they are humanely euthanized. These are dogs whose personalities have permanently been damaged by abuse and have become in-adoptable.On the brighter side, many dogs on a daily basis get a second chance and are adopted by caring loving owners.In either instance, as a witness you have been the abused dog voice. You have brought the abusers to justice. You have contributed greatly by putting a halt on a dog's miserable life and the dog will be eternally grateful to you for this; either if it's soul is watching you from the above or if it is sharing precious moments with its new family.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (3)Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful (1)dog: Types of worms affecting dogs and puppiesdog: Giving aspirin to your dogCommentstonieg7123 months ago My question is how can a I keep a dog when he was neglected.My daugther call me crying, her mother in-law dogs was biten by another dog. I told my daugther if I go to your house to pick up the dog Im keeping the dog. Poor dogs he was in pain, I took the dog to my house. After the third day my daugther mother in-law wants the dog back. Now that the mother in-law knows the dog is alive. My point of view is if the mother in-law was concered about the dog, she should of took the dog to the vet. Instead of her going to work. But the mother in-law is reporting the neighbor dog about the incident.Can anybody suggest what can I do to keep the dog. Thank you!!!!Jean 13 months ago Somebody tell me what to do.  I have a next door neighbor going thru a divorce.  Wife left him, (he is selfish - I can see why she left him).  He has taken up with his new girlfriend and now comes home 3-4 times a day to let the dog out.  He leaves food and water in an 8 x 6 laundry room so the dog is not starving or dehydrated.  Now the neighbor has asked me to walk the dog once a day (I have my own two dogs, and he knows I always walk them) - what's one more? So now I am enabling him to go away for weekends at a time, stopping by his house 2-4 times per day to pet, bathe, walk etc.  If I am unable to care for the dog on any particular day/week, the dog goes into a kennel.  Yet this man won't give up the dog.  Says he loves the dog.  Yet the dog has spent 5 years of his life in an 8 x 6 laundry room.  When left free to roam the house, the dog pees and poops in the house.  So he obviously has no training. He also humps everything in sight. The owner obviously didn't see a need to train in the beginning - figured why bother when you can just lock him in a laundry room - he won't poop where he sleeps right?  I am losing sleep over this.  I cannot keep the dog.  My son is allergic.  I can't force him to give up the dog.amanda12 months ago I want to know where to go to report a dog that is being abused and neglected, it gets kicked out of the house all the time and stands at the door and barks and nobody cares to let it in. In my opinion they dont care if it lives or dies. Im tempted to take it in but with 2 dogs of my own im not sure how they'd react to a stray dog (to them) Please help me im so worriedalexadry12 months ago As my article points out, the best place to go is to the closest humane society or shelter, they deal with these issues quite often, :(, thanks for trying to help out this poor fellow, best of luck!eminem5 months ago Hi I am 12 years ld and my next door neighbors have three dogs and if you look at them you can kinda tell they are in ill helth they do not get bathed and they look as if they are starving and another weird thing when there dogs get really weak they get rid of them a had a dog before and it got really weak and they got rid of it and recently we discoered there very weak dog in our backyard and the fence was not broken they threw him over the fence into our yard becayse they know i love there dogs i give there dogs food every day but my father i strict and put it back in there yard and when we rang there doorbell no one answered and they were home they treat there dogs abdly but my parents do not want to get involved at all so what shall i do i reallly love them please  helpSherry5 months ago I recently rescued an abused & neglected puppy. The police picked it up and within a fews hrs. the puppy was returned to it's neglectful owners. I called MADAC(Milwaukee Area Domestic Animal Control) and they said that the police dept. released it because the owners claimed it. It is very clear the pup is in great danger. They also said that we do not have laws that would allow us to keep the owners animals. I can't tell you how upset I am and I need to do something immediately. Please help me. What should I do?confused4 months ago what do you do if a owner/neighbor seems to be medically neglecting their dogalexadry4 months ago According to the Humane Society ''Neglect is not giving an animal the right food, water, shelter or vet-_care_-.'' Consult with your local shelter for help.magnoliazz4 months ago Vets are to blame for neglect too, because they charge such high prices, even for basic services.I live on a farm, and lots of people dump their pets off in this area, and they usually end up here where I feed and take care of them.I have to work two jobs, just to keep up with the vet bills. I love animals, and to me their health is my priority. But other people are not going to pay 150.00 for puppy shots.I tired to get health insurance for pets, but that is not cheap either.blazinmad4 months ago My next door neighbour regularly KICKS her puppy for doing puppy type things. I used to be her friend until I witnessed her treating her dog with such violence. The pup 6 months old, is tied up and whimpers daily. He is well fed, and has water, but thats it. * I hope someone steals him soon ;)animallover4 months ago i was just at a my friends house and they keep her dog outside every day.  i noticed that the dog is extreamly skinny and doesn't even gey clean water, they dont even give it food.  every time it barks they scream at it to shut up.  i hope someone notices soon and calles the policealexadry4 months ago What about you? you can report anonymously if you wish...obismom3 months ago I feel that my neighbors are abusing their dog but am not sure what to do. They are all gone from 8am-5pm from Monday to Friday and leave the dog tied up on a 4 foot radius all day. He is a very high energy dog. He cowers whenever I sneak over to give it atention. Every day I watch them come home and continue to neglect their animal untill dark, not even taking the time to go and pet it and give it attention. It has a bowl of food and a bowl of water,(which usually gets knocked over throughout the 8 hours it is left outside), but no shelter and no love. My question is should I report this or is this something that happens often with buisy pet owners who just don't really care about their animals?alexadry2 months ago Sorry my answer came a bit late as I was out of state. Keeping a dog chained out all day and neglected, is a form of animal cruelty. I would contact your local humane society. Here is a helpful link:http://www.humanesociety.org/issues/chaining_tetheVincent2 months ago Hey if you witness animal abuse call 911 immideatelyDO NO HESITATE AND DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT DON'T JUST SIT THEEalexadry2 months ago of course, do not use the emergency line unless there is something really serious going on...catherine6 weeks ago ijust moved to this neighborhood in may of this year but my husband had a dog that just recently passed away because someone had poisened her in our neghborhood. Just a few weeks ago we noticed that our neighbor two houses down from us was throwing puppies in a bonfire and throwing some already dead dogs that i assume they killed in the woods. I was devastated and called the police but they would not do anything because they said they needed evidence. What should i do? i know this is very wrong and i want someone to put a stop to it.alexadry6 weeks ago That's horrific! Those people should have charges for such abhorrent behaviors! Evidence: Try to take pictures, movies of them doing these horrendous acts. Call the local shelter or ASPCA for advice, see if anybody would go out there to analyze the ashes...catherine6 weeks ago i know and we just took our children outside to play and had to witness him doing it again!! im sooo angry and i dont have a camera right now i will go tomorrow and get one. ijust cant believe anyone is capable of such things, it seems so heartless and these dogs arent dead they're thrown in the fire ALIVE. i have to do something this is totally uncalled for.alexadry6 weeks ago Perhaps a video would be even more convincing. Make sure the zoom makes it clear who the PERSON is and that there are DOGS and they are tossed in the fire ALIVE. Of course it would be ideal to have the police see it with their own eyes but if this is not an option, pictures with zoom or better a film may be helpful. it is best to ask the police or humane society about your rights in remaining anonymous...try to protect yourself as much as you can...I hope they get this sick guy as soon as possible...bless your heart for helping these poor dogs out!!what a horrendous death, its just repulsive!kelly5 weeks ago Catherine, I feel sick to my stomach reading your story. Please dont stop fighting until this man is put behind bars. If you dont do anything he will keep hurting these innocent animals!jeanie5 weeks ago my neighbor dog is so pitiful,i guess they feed her,when they remember and how often they give her water i can't tell,she has 3 puppies 9 or 10 weeks old and they are left out in the cold, the nights here get around 20 to 25 degrees. i try and be nice to them so i can take care of hana and her pups as best i can, but sometimes i can't even sleep knowing she is so cold. she is such a sweet little dog. how do i handle a situation like this?cathyjeff3 weeks ago I wanted to update everyone on the situation where my neighbors were burning dogs. I have been to the animal shelter and the police and they told me i would have to testify against them in court in order for them to take them to jail.I have 3 babies so at first i was scared, but im NOT anymore. I took lots of pictures (which was extremely hard for me to do) and i am gonna testify and put his butt in jail. I have never had so much anger towards any one until now. -I originally posted under catherine-Shawnmii13 days ago i have 2 new puppies and i would like to know if this is considered neglection.i giv toopii food in the morning rite bfore i leave to work and rite away whn i get home which is after i worked for 8 hrs,  i keep my heater on so he has a warm place to rest and exercise.when the weather is good i bring him out for walk almost everyday.well, toopii barks alot before but he got use to it after around 15 days. and he is still nice and active.im afraid he will b too lonely so i got him a pal, a new puppy-mocha,which is teacup size poodle ... this is what my problem is...im afraid toopii will bite the mocha since he is way too small and he is new...err...if i put em in separate cages and have foods, waters in the cages,im pretty sure they will bark alot,and my mom is worried we mite get in trouble if people pass by our house hear the noise and misunderstands us..in case this happens and we get report..  before i do that i wud like to ask if i will get into trouble?does it consider as neglection?will it b ok if i do that?my bro will b hm all the time for the rest of this week,and i only work for 4 days a week. so i'll need the answer asap n c if it is legal...  if not i will find smbody to take k of my dogs...Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites95alexadryFrom USA847 Followers743 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by alexadryContact alexadryFollow alexadrySubscribe to alexadry's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk alexadry a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo You Support Animal Right Activist Who Seems To Care More About Animals Than They Do About Humans?asked by ngureco 8 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionDo you think the use of animals in sports and entertainment should be banned?asked by pankaj3625 16 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsWhy Should You Adopt a Dogby Whitney05Spaying Your Female Dogby Whitney05 My Mother rescued an Abused Pomeranian Dog named Skippy by Peggy WRSPCA Kingston-Upon-Hull. Yet another animal charity in...by ethel smithWhat You Need To Know About Spaying and Neuteringby rdelpThe Truth About Pit Bulls and Dog Fightingby habee Animal Abuse and Neglect ForumTopicReplieswould you make your child kill their pet as punishmentposted by bonny201078animal abuseposted by megan5427Animal Rightsposted by moonbeamz9916Post a new topic3 more topics Tagseducation dog police abuse neglect owner Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.132 sec)  working