Porno Scopes Being Installed In US AirportsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesUnited States PoliticsU.S. War on TerrorismPorno Scopes Being Installed In US AirportsPorno Scopes Being Installed In US Airports67rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy CyrellysAP photo, Cynthia Boll fileMemo: Obama Considers TSA Objectors 'Domestic Terrorists' You paid taxes for your security once, you might pay again...The US Government has been known to skim money off of legitimate programs for use in the world of black budget projects or military-industrial special access projects. Research has also been done showing that the three letter acronym agencies have at times been involved in drug running as an additional source of income to fund the black world which has had an ever increasing appetite for funding.Now we hear that full body scanners are being prepared for installation in all US airports. Not only are the frequencies these machines operate on harmful to the long-term health of the human body but now there is also an open opportunity for our bodies to be recorded and digitally sold on the foreign sex markets. Men, women, and children all imaged in graphic detail will have to traverse these machines in order to obtain the right of air travel. Those who refuse on the grounds of health, safety, and right to privacy will be relagated to the position of second class citizens for their unwillingness to be used as a monetary means of existence by the same deeply buried world which harbors humanity's true history of extra-terrestrial contact and also for their unwillingness for their image to become a tool of sexual gratification for unknown personages sold such images on an overseas black market.Can you imagine the horror of finding out your image was taken from a scanner machine during an innocent trip to visit aunt Ellie and then was discovered a year or two later posted at some dark and illegal website online? And that doesn't even get into just what sort of individual it would take to sit for hours on the other side of the machine studiously examining every naked body that passes through it. Will children be passengers on airlines of the future? What parent would allow their child to board an airplane if they must first pass through such a machine and become subject to such intrusion and risks? One might think being blown to smithereens right out of the sky, (now and then) as a more appealing alternative when it comes to ones travel safety. With friends like these glamorized, would-be protectors, who needs enemies?Nothing like the homeland security aparatus manufacturing an excuse and then putting the seive in action. Did you know that the U.N. is responsible for pushing these? Truck Drivers on the interstate hwy's of America have a term for this sort of behavior....it's called REVENUING. The saavier drivers and their rigs will pick and choose the states they will deliver to in this tight economy. They avoid the states and cities known for employing the practice of revenuing. So I suppose that if the black budget world with its unending secrecy and aversion to transparency, and then the UN with its drive to fund global governance through carbon taxes cannot achieve sufficient funding one way, well, I suppose they'll try something else....like pictures of you as an exploitable resource. You'd never guess it. You naively adhere only to mainstream media which thinks this is all for our safety and our governments and the U.N. and their associates are all above this sort of thing, right?hmmm.Additional Sources Regarding Body Scanners To be installed In Airports:Naked airport scanners to be installed in 11 airports within two months http://www.infowars.com/naked-airport-scanners-to-be-installed-in-11-airports-within-two-months/Canadian Press | The government plans to install dozens of scanners that can see through the clothes of travellers in airports across the country.***Military-Industrial Complex Set To Make A Killing From Body Scanners http://www.infowars.com/military-industrial-complex-set-to-make-a-killing-from-body-scanners/Steve Watson | Huge defense contractor lands indefinite contract to supply naked imaging machines.****Airports Set To Become Primary Peddlers Of Child Porn http://www.infowars.com/airports-set-to-become-primary-peddlers-of-child-porn/Paul Joseph Watson | Invasion of the body scanners: Fat greasy perverts sit alone in back rooms get ready to enjoy your naked children.***Gordon Brown: full body scanners likely to be introduced following Christmas bomb scare http://www.infowars.com/gordon-brown-full-body-scanners-likely-to-be-introduced-following-christmas-bomb-scare/London Telegraph | Passengers travelling through British airports could be made to submit to full body scans following the failed Christmas Day terror attack, Gordon Brown has said.***Gordon Brown promises full body scanners at UK airports http://www.infowars.com/gordon-brown-promises-full-body-scanners-at-uk-airports/BBC | Brown said it was essential to go further than the current technology allowed. ****Do New Airport Body Scanners Violate Child Porn Laws? Brits Balking at US Security Demandshttp://www.cbsnews.com/blogs/2010/01/05/crimesider/entry6057400.shtmlNEW YORK (CBS/AP) | British airports are largely in a holding pattern over the introduction of full body scanners, amid concerns the technology may breach child pornography and child protection laws, which ban the creation of indecent images of children, according to UK paper The Guardian. Drudge's Photo The photo posted by Drudge which was then later picked up and republished by infowars.comFull-Body Scan Technology Deployed In Street-Roving VansUpdatesThe image above gives a clear depiction of what the body-scanners are doing. It was originally posted online by Drudge. Then it was picked up and posted again in an article on the infowars.com news site by one of their regular journalists see my second comment below in the comment section for the link.Some of the images the mainstream media publish like my first image above are to placate critics of explicit material. But folks, we're discussing the loss of our rights, an invasion of our most sacred privacy, and of a burgeoning police state which has a history of exploiting for monetary purposes all information collected about its own people! What I'd like to know is when will America wake up and learn to tell these jokers enough is enough...NO. The buck stops here. This is the line which you simply don't cross. When will we enforce our own values?If my grandmother was alive today, she'd be agast at all of us for what we're doing to ourselves as a nation. We've thrown out our pride and our competance in trade for a non-existant reality where we think we're being provided security. My grandmother gave several of the best years of her life in a factory in WWII helping to manufacture airplane parts for the cause of freedom. Later she was a school teacher. All her life was spent in some small way participating in the little things which uplift a people, a nation; which secures the values that make us a people. In allowing the destruction of our dignity and values which she spent her life helping to maintain, we are creating the precepice over which we then fall....it's not the fall that hurts so much as the sudden stop at the bottom.Newsflash...security doesn't come from a police state. Security comes from the heart and soul of a competant, self-reliant people, "more dedicated to the values and potentialities of her Constitution, more ardent in her response to her obligations to be vigilant against usurpations of power, more intelligent in setting the limits on that power, and more magnanimous in its exercise." Henry Steele Commager, 1976. There was a lot of hard earned wisdom in the generation which fought the many types of battlefields of WWII....will we hear them speak from the grave in time to save ourselves?UPDATE II - January 13, 2010CNN has published the following information which shows that images like the second one I've reposted here can indeed be recorded and be subject to abuse. CyrellysEXCERPThttp://www.cnn.com/2010/TRAVEL/01/11/body.scanners/index.htmlBody scanners can store, send images, group says CNNJanuary 11, 2010A privacy group says the Transportation Security Administration is misleading the public with claims that full-body scanners at airports cannot store or send their graphic images. The TSA specified in 2008 documents that the machines must have image storage and sending abilities, the Washington-based Electronic Privacy Information Center (EPIC) said.In the documents, obtained by the privacy group and provided to CNN, the TSA specifies that the body scanners it purchases must have the ability to store and send images when in test mode.That requirement leaves open the possibility the machines  which can see beneath peoples clothing  can be abused by TSA insiders and hacked by outsiders, said EPIC Executive Director Marc RotenbergNovember 24, 2010 Great Falls MontanaGreat Falls Tribune printed an article titled 'Airport Director: Full-body scanners coming', right on the top of the front page. It basically informs people of central montana that soon they will have to submit to digital strip searches and the hands of strangers down their pants and up their crotch in order to exercise their right to freely travel.No more traveling for Montanans, those bastionites offreedom and constitutional liberty....AirportDirector John Falkner said Tuesday that his facility had effectively sold out the state to a tyrannical federal government bent on being the planet's bad boy and setting the worst example possible in ALL ofhuman history. The article even had the ignorance and gall to print thesubheader on page 5 section A 'Scanner: Image cannot be stored, transmitted or printed'. Yeah right, how'bout all us ignorant westerners try to sell the retardedDC Bandits some beach front property in Arizona? We could get rich. Ron Paul Responds to TSA: Introduces 'American Traveler Dignity Act' We The People Dear President ObamaFourth Amendment Has been Suspended Related Items on Amazon.comAviation and Airport Security: Terrorism and Safety Concerns, Second EditionAmazon Price: $68.39List Price: $83.95Playmobil Security Check PointAmazon Price: $225.99List Price: $12.99Think Tank Airport Security V 2.0Amazon Price: $369.00Airport and Aviation Security: U.S. Policy and Strategy in the Age of Global TerrorismAmazon Price: $56.82List Price: $82.95Elaine Stritch works at airport security, new toy Pocket Diva &amp; Shim Shai Horowitz hosts a vegan cooking show!Amazon Price: $1.99SOLO Sterling Collection CheckFast Airport Security-Friendly Netbook Case for Netbooks up to 11.6 Inches, Black, CLA115-4Amazon Price: $15.65List Price: $29.99World Airports 3 North America Expansion for Flight Simulator X and 2004Amazon Price: $25.00List Price: $29.99Flybags - TSA Compliant Toiletry Bag with Blue Bomb Insert and Nylon TrimAmazon Price: $16.00List Price: $26.00Airport SecurityAmazon Price: $0.99The First Philippic 2009A friend just this last evening, wrote to me a most inspirational message which I enclose here for you to see: Title: If only we took our Republic seriously A great greek quote...substitute America for...TSA Has Gone Too FarI am outraged now. The TSA has overstepped their boundaries now. The TSA is trying to do further damage to the economy. This is a case of what goes on in Vegas does not stay in Vegas. This is especially...Sex Offenders In Uniform : The TSA BSAPicture this: You've persuaded a little girl's Mommy to hold her while you take a magic wand and touch the three-year-old all over her young body. She's screaming, crying,TSA Pat DownThe TSA is trying to find ways to make air travel safe and keep terrorists out, but in the process they have to invade everyone else's privacy. The TSA has been under fire for years. Every time something bad...TSA Searches, Security or Power GrabDue to my background in Law Enforcement, and my years of work in the California prison system. I have participated in thousands of pat-down searches and strip searches. Most people would understand extreme...The Tyranny of the TSAThe TSA, the Transportation Security Administration has overstepped it's bounds and I am wondering if we, as a supposedly free country, are going to allow them to do this. And, if we allow this, what will be...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Global Governance: Why You Might Choose To Go Gem Shopping TodayCommentsRalph Deeds12 months ago Would you prefer to take a chance on your plane exploding in mid air? Apparently so.Cyrellys12 months ago Hi Ralph, yes actually I would.  I'd rather keep my freedoms and take my chances.I want to be a part of a strong country where the would be terrorists get gang-tackled by 10 passengers on such an airplane and reinstilled with a fear of God.  I want to be a member of a self-reliant society that does not fear their neighbor walking down the street with a colt 45 strapped to his hip.  I want to be a part of a society where I can rest assured that if trouble comes to my community, I can count on my community members to come together and handle it sensibly and with a competance that rivals anything in the history of this country.I want to be able to walk down the streets of any town or city in this nation and smile at those who approach and know that they will look you square in the eyes, grin back, and give you a big hello before they hurry on their way.  Have you not noticed that the people of this nation, perhaps subconsciously, have become so subservient to the unfortunate changes in this nation that a person on the street rarely ever will meet you eye to eye as you pass?  Is this a symptom of the apathy and shame which we've taken upon ourselves since we've allowed our freedoms and principles that founded this nation to fall over the cliff toward oblivion?  I have to wonder.I want the dream my ancestors died for back.Yeah, I can live with being blown to smithereens once in a while....its the police state I can do without.CyRalph Deeds12 months ago This doesn't look like porn to me.[img]http://www.livescience.com/images/090401-scan-imag[/img]Cyrellys12 months ago Drudge Report Posted this very detailed photo originally....http://www.infowars.com/drudge-big-sis-wants-to-seYou know, there are other ways of securing ourselves and the police state is not one of them.  The only thing a police state does is create a real cause to have to exercise a correction of the situation by the people.Because of the things which are being done against a free people, there are many who are already engaged in the initial stages of the correction process where every opportunity to rectify the situation is given before it becomes a matter of resorting to arms....http://www.cc2009.us/images/pdf/Articles-of-FreedoIt is my opinion that tresspasses like body scanners and demeaning acts of submission at airports will be high on the list of causes for the the 2nd American Revolution.Some other instigators include the stationing of active duty foreign troops on US Soil, the stationing of active duty American troops on US soil for the purpose of population control, the granting of a foreign police force complete immunity and jurisdiction above and beyond all American peace officers - Interpol....and there are others but for the sake of brevity I'll hold off on that for now.  Those are just a handful of some of it.  Some can be found in the second link above.For me, I'll never step foot in an airport again.  I'll drive, at least until the checkpoints which are underway in some parts of California, Texas, Arizona, Washington and other states over  a 100 miles from the nearest border make tat impossible too.One must wonder just how far we as a people will be pushed.  Perhaps if Obama had openly signed the documents at Copenhagen in December which would have given away US Sovereigty and created a world tax to fund the new infant global government system they're calling "global governance" we'd all be doing some very different activities right about now.As it stands from my observations and investigations, the people are building up their resources and supplies, buying ammunition, and many are hunting down and quietly joining the various militia groups around the country.  To the point that some of the militia groups are in occasions complaining about their ranks swelling so fast they are having difficulty keeping up.I'm not blind.  I'm concerned that we are headed for the thinnest ice; the ice you unknowingly walk across a hair before you fall through.When this happens some will never see it coming...others will see it miles away.  And when retrospect finally sets in, I highly doubt anyone will be have been surprised at the end result.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites91CyrellysFrom Montana9 Followers24 HubsJoined 16 months agoRead more hubs by CyrellysContact CyrellysFollow CyrellysSubscribe to Cyrellys's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Cyrellys a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDo you agree with President Obama's recent drawdown of U.S. troops in Iraq?asked by cindybarrymore 4 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionBoycott the body scan?  If you are traveling this Holiday season...asked by dabeaner 7 weeks ago7 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsFree Online Antivirus Scanner - Scan Your Computer With...by techno-hubEggnog French Toast and a Fairy Taleby breakfastpopWhat's all the Hoopla with the TSA Screenings?by Ray ThoughtsBest Photo Scanner 2011by jGauntPolice Scanners for Dummiesby johnb0127Everything To Know About Police Scannersby johnb0127 U.S. War on Terrorism ForumTopicRepliesTeenager held for trying to detonate car bombposted by pisean2823115American Flags were Already Burntposted by Flightkeeper26Director of National Intelligenceposted by theirishobserver.7Post a new topic4 more topics Tagsprivacy air travel airport security war on terrorism body scanners full body scanners Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 1.651 sec)  working