The coming of NibiruHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsReligion and PhilosophyAstrology and MetaphysicsNew Age BeliefsThe coming of NibiruThe coming of Nibiru79rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy HighvoltagewriterArtist Idea of Nibiru This is depiction of the mysterious planet X! This is planet that is bringing about the destruction of planet earth, (so some believe). New Age Verses Science As we creep ever closer to that faithful date, 2012 December 21, more and more silliness finds its way into the internet. Scam artist are now becoming even more aggressive in there desire to make a buck off of spooking the gullible. All kinds of accusations and prophecies  are cropping up like stubborn dandelions though the cracks in the sidewalk in early Summer. In fact just the other day I was wondering mindlessly (a hobby of mine) around YouTube and I started checking out video clips on Nibiru, that so called planet x that is suppose to create such havoc in the near future. The more I searched the more nonsense I dug up. Like the Alien autopsies footage going back to the mid 90's that was long ago debunked. In fact, the hoaxers that created it even admitted it was a scam. That does not seem to matter though..people are still trying to pass it off as authentic. This only goes to show, that the hoax peddlers are starting to recycle old school scams to a new generation!When I was still a New Age junky buying into every alternative concept out there, I did heavy research into the whole Ufology world. I bought almost every Alien Abduction book that came out , and in the end felt I was just a dog chasing its tail. Yes I have seen strange objects in the sky that I could not explain and yes, I heard all about the government cover ups like in Area Fifty One. I also have strange memories that some may try to tell me is memory of alien abduction. I tried to recall these memories using hypnosis and yet, that failed in the end.Even with all this, one thing keep bugging me and that is the lack of conclusive evidence. Were is the actual proof? If all this Alien activity has happened, why is there no physical evidence supplied? Yes there is some videos that seem convincing..and yet, it is still not enough to prove it! I now have a theory to what is going on, however I will not get to that quite yet...instead I will present to you some of the propaganda that has been packaged and marketed as fact by the 2012 hoopla creators.Some of these people will go as far as to say that agencies like NASA are covering up there actual findings that support the view of the New Age movement. To be honest, I am skeptical of either source for they both have there own agenda. Overall, I do tend to lean towards NASA'S evidence. NASA states that there is no evidence to any of the 2012 predictions. Here is direct quote from NASA'S official website in there questions and answers section: For any claims of disaster or dramatic changes in 2012, where is the science? Where is the evidence? There is none, and for all the fictional assertions, whether they are made in books, movies, documentaries or over the Internet, we cannot change that simple fact. There is no credible evidence for any of the assertions made in support of unusual events taking place in December 2012.Here is on more to make there point clear...There is no known Planet X or 10th planet in our solar system. Scientists have been looking for about a hundred years. It was believed that such a planet was required to explain the orbital characteristics of the outer planets Uranus and Neptune. Many searches have been performed and, to date, no evidence of such a planet has emerged. In addition, better information about the masses of outer planets has also now shown that no other planets are necessary to explain the planetary orbits.One bit of evidence that the Nibiru camp claim to have involves the Telescope that has recently been constructed at the South Pole that some believe was actually built to hunt for Nibiru as it heads towards earth. They even say that one of the objects observed and photographed is in fact Nibiru. I have been to the official South Pole Telescope (SPT) and there is no information what so ever on the so called hunt fro Nibiru. You can find many other kinds of research being conducted including the mysterious dark energy, that scientist claim is making the universe expand. After hunting all over the the NASA and other legitimate science sites, I could not find anything that would suggest that there is any truth at all to any discovery of a tenth planet. Gods or Aliens?  Some would say this depicts an alien! Lyon Tigers and the Anunnaki Oh My!I could go on and on with the strange claims made by this site or that site around 2012, and yet what would be the use? Instead, I will present the view that my mother had towards the whole alien scenario. At long last, I also have excepted this theory as a strong possibility. That perspective is that there is a superior intelligence behind this whole alien cat and mouse game. This superior intelligence is the greatest scam artist of all time and is working on his finale deception! This deception will be sprinkled with white-lies and part truths and be presented from every angle he can dream up. Call him what you will for the Bible has many names for him. His purpose has always been the same from the beginning of time. He wants to be god and control and deceive mankind in anyway possible. From his first encounters with Adam and Eve as a serpent, he has embraced that symbol as his own. This is why from the beginning of time, there has been almost world wide mythology depicting the serpent as a god!I now feel that the UFO sightings that has been reported though out the world, is in part a fulfillment of Bible prophecy. When the bible speaks about there will be terrifying things and great miraculous signs from heaven. (Luke 21: 11). For God knows good and well what Satan is up to. Unfortunately, we live in a age that denies the truth of the Bible. The massive amount of frauds made up by false prophets will blind many from what is really going on. The Bible is filled with indications in both the Old and New Testament of what to expect during the end times.For myself, it was soon after 911 that I started to realize that Bible prophecy was being fulfilled by all that was happening in the Middle East. Since then, one event after another has put the focus on Israel. This is exactly as the Bible predicts it will be! I will not give you every Bible verse that foretells of the end time, but I will supply websites that will give all of these prophesies at the end of this hub. More propaganda..The whore of Babylon So ask your self this question: will you fall down and worship her?Babylonian Has Fallen...Come out of Her My People!I have found it interesting that this information about Nibiru is said to originate from the Sumerians who were the ancestors of the Babylonians. It may be, one of the reasons God in his divine wisdom tells his people to remove them selves from any influence brought on by this culture. For the Sumerians were the ones who created such things as Astrology and other forms of magic, that God declared as a abomination. Speaking of Babylon, the book of Daniel gives a great indicator to what has happened and what will happen in this world. The prophecy starts with Babylon and continues to the end of time. A example of this, is Daniel 12:4, which talks about people traveling every were in the search for knowledge. To me this can represent the internet that gives people the chance to travel anywhere they want in the search for knowledge. Another sign that I fell shows we are nearing the season in which Jesus will return is all the natural disasters that are happening in the world to day, I was discussing the recent oil spill with a friend and the prophecy of the ocean being turned to blood. He made the commit that oil was the earths blood and I found that quite interesting observation. So far this problem is one that our best efforts has not had any effect on yet. Why worry about some so called planet X when the real disastor is right here on earth.Could this be what the Bible says about the oceans turning to blood?Don't shoot the messager....Iwrite this for it would be irresponsible for me to turn a blind eyeto things I found during my own search to be false. It would be likeknowing a massive storm was coming and then not warning anyone.Ifpeople want answers about what will befall the world, maybe it istime to take another look at the Bible.  With the help of the HolySpirit, all people can come to a clear conclusion. This has been myattempt to shed some light in the darkness of this coming storm, forwhen it past a eternal day will dawn! Here are some sites for more on this subjectEstreame Spac WeatherThis is my lates hub on the 2010 subject. I think you will find it informative!Long Term Consequences Of the Gulf Oil SpillThe massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico is so huge that it may slow and stall the gulf stream which in turn could result in an ice age. The following scenario addresses this potential problem and ways...Last Days Prophecy in God\'s Word & Biblical End Times!A Biblical last days study covering end time prophecy, latter-day scripture, last day events of the coming apocalypse, and God's planned return of the Messiah Jesus Christ.101 PROPHECIES OF THE LAST DAYSThis sites will give you a lot of the prophecies in the Bible, even though I think some are a little out there.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful Commentsschoolgirlforreal7 months ago Please read my article "A very Logical man!"Highvoltagewriter7 months ago Okay so I have check out your hubs but I could not find the article you speak of. A little help on were to look would be great!Highvoltagewriter7 months ago By the way, thank you for stopping by schoolgirlforreal. Also, since I have not met you before welcome to hubpages!soumyasrajan7 months ago Hi! HighvoltagewriterA very informative hub. You give both sides. The second side indeed seems to be mainly for entertainment or horror feelings if you like to have that.myownworld7 months ago Excellent hub, as is all your work. I always walk away having learnt something new. 'Why worry about some so called planet X when the real disastor is right here on earth?" - you said it there, and I loved the link you've made with the latest oil spill. I think people  will always want to believe in some kind of a mysterious conspiracy about everything - human nature I guess - hence, they keep buying into these shams, which as you so poetically put, are 'cropping up like stubborn dandelions though cracks in sidewalks in early Summer.' Rated up!Highvoltagewriter7 months ago Thanks so much for stopping by myownwords! I enjoy your commits and I am glad that I had information I could share with you!magnoliazz7 months ago Excellent hub, and so interesting what your friend said about oil being the blood of the earth, and then we have the oceans turning to the earth's blood! It makes sense...and it fits in with what the Bible says.As for UFOs, I am like you, I cannot get enough, it is a very intense and interesting subject for me.When I was 5 and my brother was 3, we were playing on our swingset on a summer day. I looked at my brotehr, and I thought he was having a seizure or was in a weird sort of trance. His eyes were rolled back in his head so only the whites could be seen, his mouth was open as if to scream and he was drooling...yet he made not a sound. I knew he was scared stiff from something.I looked to where he was looking, and there was a silver colored saucer, silently hoovering about 6 feet off the gound, and very close to us, maybe about 10 feet away. it was not overly large, maybe 12 feet in diameter and it had no lights, it was very slowly rotating.I was so scared, but I remember nothing more than that moment of when I saw it and my brother remembers nothing about that day at all.Now, some people would think that my brother and I were abducted, and indeed, both my brother and I would fit the critera of being abductees....HOWEVER..I honestly don't believe that. I think that our own government is behind just about every UFO sighting there is.Where is the forensic evidence? If a person gets abducted and taken away, there certainly has to be forensic evidence...right? In all these years and all these sightings, certainly if these crafts were extra terrestrial we would know it for sure by now.Some people think the UFOs are demons, flying around in the sky, but I am not sure about that either.Whatever the truth may be, it is interesting.Did you see the Ancient Aliens series on the History Channel?It really has some compelling evidence that man was not alone, perhaps has never been alone.Highvoltagewriter7 months ago As always...thank you for stopping by! The story you shared about the UFO is amazing, you should do a hub on that! I have had a lot of strange stuff happen to me that may or not been connected to UFO'S. Maybe sometime I will write about them!I would like to hook your hub up with mine since they share similar views. Tell me what you think.magnoliazz7 months ago HI There!Hook with any hub you like, that would be great!PlanosLie5 months ago Interesting article for sure. One word...Planet X as viewed by the "Sitchenites" is a fraud.mythbuster3 months ago I'm still looking into some of the theories and detail mentioned here, Highvoltagewriter. Interesting stuff. I think people should stop pooh-pooh-ing this stuff and start taking a hard look at details, determine facts from fiction, etc.The consequences if even a portion of this stuff is correct might be pretty dramatic for a lot of people.rafken2 months ago Good hub. I debate this subject in some of my own. Have a look at 1 or 2.magnoliazz2 months ago I am back again, your hubs just have a way of being fresh and new, no matter what the day of the calendar.I recently saw a show on Tru TV, called Conspiracy Theory with jesse ventura. They had an episode about 2012 that really scares me.According to Nasa, and I believe Jesse Ventura, former Minnesota governor would not lie, 2012 will see massive solar flares that could knock out the north american power grid for YEARs!That means we would all be back in the stone age. And, for the last 10 years the government has been on a secret bunker builing craze so that the elite will have a place to go when everything else falls apart here on the surface of the earth.It also talked about the magnetic reversal of the earth, and how there is a huge hole in the magneticsphere, and that we are virtually a sitting duck from the wrath of the sun.The entire time I thought about this Bible verse that talked about how men will shake with fear in their underground abodes...something like that, I am no Bible scholar to be sure.Since you know your way around the Nasa website, perhaps you could write a hub about this, pro or con. I plan on writing something about this too, when I have time. I will link up with your stories, like this one.I really did think 2012 was a big scam, but this last solar flare thing has me a bit nervous. Life without electricity would be bleak and miserable indeed. I would think that the electric companies would have something to ground those transformers with so that this would not happen.After all we are the TAXPAYERS and the WORKERS and all those blood sucking politicians would not have any money if it were not for us, the common people. We pay their wages after all, you would think they would protect us at all costs. Follow the money, right?The way you think about this would be really interesting to me, and I would like to hear your mother's input too, she seems like a very wise woman to me.Highvoltagewriter2 months ago Wow, I really haft to check this out, even though I heard about the solor flare problem it was down played a lot by Nasa. I will do some research. My mother by the way, passed away two years ago...I do miss her!magnoliazz2 months ago Hello Again! I am so sorry about your mother. She seemed like a wonderful lady.I just published the solar flare hub, "Solar Flares, 2012, The End Of Days", and I linked it to this hub.If you watch the first video in my hub you can get the info about Nasa and the solar flares, its a few minutes into it. A guy by the name of Jim Higgins tells Jesse Ventura about it.Ok...I have to  dash off, but I will be back later today, I would like to hear your ideas about the solar flares!Once again, I am so sorry to hear about your mother, my prayers are with you.andromida8 weeks ago I think that Nibiru is a just a mythical name, which was referred as the planet of the annunaki's home planet, found in the Sumerian tablets.I think scammers are making their own version of 2012 prediction in order to make some quick bucks.But one thing is sure and that is by 2012 December our solar system will align with the center of our Milky-way; at the center there is a super-massive black-hole.I think your analysis about 2012 and Nibiru is well researched and very very logical.Thank you so much :)Highvoltagewriter8 weeks ago Yes I have heard about earth  alinment centering in theMilky-Way but I have not researed it and iwonder what NASA has to say about it! I plan to go back and reread your hub on this, for there is some intresting stuff there!Highvoltagewriter8 weeks ago Yes I have heard about earth  alinment centering in theMilky-Way but I have not researed it and iwonder what NASA has to say about it! I plan to go back and reread your hub on this, for there is some intresting stuff there!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites95HighvoltagewriterFrom Jacksonville168 Followers42 HubsJoined 17 months agoRead more hubs by HighvoltagewriterContact HighvoltagewriterFollow HighvoltagewriterSubscribe to Highvoltagewriter's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Highvoltagewriter a question based on this Hub.Related Questionsclutch, and turn the key-while in neutral, I hear a very faint click, and you have to really...asked by endress1 2 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionI have had two dreams where I am "sitting on the Floor". What does this mean? In both dreams I...asked by cely 8 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsOCTOBER 2010 - Numerological Forecastby PsychicJoanneTO  ATTEND CHURCH OR NOT TO ATTEND CHURCH -  THAT IS THE...by drpastorcarlottaAnnunaki, Ancient Sumerians, Fallen Angels or just plain...by oracle27Online Business:  The Three Needed Thingsby Rebecca E.The Greatest Hoax Of The 21st Century: 2012 Armageddonby Matts8810 Tips on Learning a Second Language Without Spending a...by Glencap New Age Beliefs ForumTopicRepliesFriday the 13thposted by Denise Handlon4The Agate is even mentioned in the Bibleposted by figment1The Course In Miraclesposted by Jonathan Janco6Post a new topicTagsreligion god science bible culture scam Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.857 sec)  working