Adoption:  The Pros and Cons of Adopting ChildrenHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsFamily and ParentingAdoptionAdoption:  The Pros and Cons of Adopting ChildrenAdoption:  The Pros and Cons of Adopting Children85rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Lisa HWOne Biological and Adoptive Mom's View When it comes to becoming a parent most people who want their children and are ready for them don't see any "cons".  Adoption is no different, as far as I'm concerned. For reasons other than fertility problems,  I adopted my first son from infancy.  Five years later I gave birth to his baby brother, and three years after that my two cuties' sister was born. As someone who has both adopted and biological children, I've found that there is no difference in my love for, or relationship with, any of my three children.  Since I was more than ready to become a mother, I've never been anything but absolutely thrilled to be one.  I just don't see any "cons" to it at all. There are, though, a few minor differences that I've had to address as my eldest son's mother.  I suppose the existence of those minor differences could be seen as a minor "con".   Here are a few comparisons I've made between being an adoptive mother and being a biological mother: Nine months or not, it is far easier to create one's baby oneself.  When you have your baby yourself you don't need to go through years of screening, worrying that you'll look cross-eyed at the wrong social worker and get another round of grilling initiated because of it.  Having an adoption process hanging over your head for (sometimes) years is a worry.  There's the worry that you could bond for years, only to end up without the child.  In my case, there was the absolute terror that the infant who had grown into a two-year-old would be taken from the only family he knew. This could be seen as a "con", but the "pro" side is that I had three years to think about how desperately I wanted to be his mother, how much I could offer him, and how I would never take him granted.  I had my second son after a second-trimester miscarriage, so when I was expecting him I lived worried that something would happen to him.   I never feared for the life of my adopted son.  He was all here and beautiful before I knew about him.  (Pro)   With my second son, after the months of being afraid something was wrong (because he barely ever moved), I had the frightening experience of delivering him at 34 weeks (Con).  For his whole first two years I worried for one reason or another, watching his development and dealing with a tendency to have respiratory infections as premies often have (Con - it was frightening). Both my second son and daughter involved labor and delivery (Con), but both labors only took an hour and half (Pro), as compared to the almost three years it took to finalize the adoption (Con). With my eldest son there was the matter of trying to think of how and when I'd present the fact that he was adopted.  (I chose the day he asked where babies come from, so it wasn't a big deal.)  This issue was neither "Pro" nor "Con" - it just was how it was.  Because my adopted son had had a "history" (medical issues related to injuries as a newborn, as well as prenatal "issues").  This wasn't really a "Con" for me, but it was something to deal with.  I needed to figure out how much of his "story" to tell him when, and I knew I had to share some truth because he had a medical history related to his negative beginnings, and a right to at least some information about it.   You don't have this kind of thing to think about with biological children, so this one was a "Con".  (How do you tell a child of any age an ugly story in a way that makes it sound less ugly, without making someone who doesn't deserve to be seen as a victim be seen as a victim?) My eldest son had some mysterious learning problems from the time he began school.  I now know that the cause was most likely related to his not feeling secure enough in early infancy, possibly having his life-long stress response "programmed" to over-respond, and having difficulty concentrating because of it.  This understanding took me over 25 years to figure out, which didn't help him when he needed it.  Watching him struggle with school, even though his intellect is good, was difficult.  (Not a "Con" but not something I had with biological children, who enjoyed being two or more years ahead of grade-level and sailing through school, which is always a "Pro" for parents.) While my son and I were both secure in our relationship, and while neither of us saw his adoption as huge factor, there was "The World" to deal with, and "The World" can be ignorant about adoption.  (Con) With my first son I always kind of worried that biological family may be lurking somewhere, planning to take him.  (Con)  I tried not to let that concern show, but I had a few years of having dreams of shadowy people showing up on my lawn.  When a local newspaper photographed my son and his cousins on the sidewalk in front of the house I worried the man lied about who he was.  When my son's name was in the paper for Little League or soccer I worried about who saw it. (Con) Because I didn't want the school to be biased because my son was adopted (and there can be bias, trust me on that), I didn't tell anyone at the school.   My younger children entered school after their brother.  I knew there was a chance the school would look for problems with them, because of their brother's troubles; and I had to decide to accept that.   All was well until my son was in eighth grade.  After eight years of his struggling the principle at the school pointed his finger at me, raised his voice, and told me, "His school problems are YOUR fault!"   That's when I finally told the truth, because after all my trying to find answers, fighting for my son's education, and watching him struggle; I was not about to be blamed for something that wasn't my fault. That leads me to the fact that with an adopted child parents can often feel they are always trying to pick up the pieces.  In my case, I was able to pick up most of the pieces - but there were still those pieces related to my son's prenatal environment and mistreatment as an infant that I couldn't do anything about it.  (This was a heartbreaking "Con".) Trying to figure out how much attention to give to the adoption fact was a challenge.  I didn't want to sweep it under the rug and fail to acknowledge my son's personal reality.  At the same time, I didn't want to turn his adoption into a bigger thing than it needed to be.  I wanted him to feel the same as his siblings.  After all, our relationship was the same.  This was a fine-line type of thing that required a lot of thought.   I would have loved it if I just could have ignored it and pretended it wasn't a reality, but I couldn't.  (Con) When he grew up there was the fear of what a possible reunion with the birth mother may do to him.  (Con) When he had his reunion there was the year or so of upheaval (for him, himself - not in our relationship by any means) it brought.  Watching him go through that was awful (Con). When my son was to meet his birth mother I wrote a card and put a small birthstone angel with it.  She is of low income and Catholic, so I thought the little charm and card were a friendly gesture she wouldn't see as tacky.  About three years later, on Mother's Day, my son gave me (as he always does) a card with most appropriate and carefully chosen words, and in the card was the angel he had never given to the woman who gave birth to him. The card was one of those big, elaborate, expensive, cards; and the words were all about how he is what he is because of everything I've ever done.  The verse included the thoughts that he is aware of that, and that he has always been aware of everything I've done and tried to do.   When my son was a baby, and the social worker asked me why I wanted to adopt him, I told her I wanted to make sure he had a wonderful childhood and every chance for a wonderful life.  I knew I was pretty good with parenting skills and understanding children, and I knew the kind of childhood I could provide.  I believed that with all my love and good sense and nurturing ability I would be able to wipe out any disadvantages of his birth and guarantee an wonderful and struggle-free life.   With his brother and sister my confidence proved to be well founded.  All that love and hard work resulted in a son and daughter who haven't had to struggle to get wherever they want to be.  Their older brother, however, has had a harder time, even though he clearly has benefited from his childhood as well.   It's just that when you have the babies yourself, and when they're healthy, all your love and efforts generally do result in people who don't have to struggle with a lot of things.  With an adopted child who has had a particularly rough beginning, no matter how soon you become his mother or how big a difference you really do make, sometimes it just isn't possible to completely fix all the damage that was done.  Living for a couple of decades with the hope that you can doesn't feel like a "Con" when you're doing it, but coming to the realization that you could only do so much can be a very rough thing to face - and that's, in a way, a "Con" (at least until you process it). My son (the adopted one) is really whole, as a person..  It's just that with my two younger kids I was able to have my impact on their life from before they were born.  With my first son, there was the rough beginning to overcome; and sometimes the thing that kept me going was my belief that I could be a "miracle worker" and figure out what it would take to help him overcome his challenges.  With some adopted children you just can't always do that.  For the parent who only wants to make things alright for their child, not being completely able to do that is a "Con". Yet, as I write this tonight, I think of my sons and my daughter - and end with the statement that - biological or adopted - there are no "Cons".  vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful (2)Adoption: Open Adoption - What Adoptive Parents Need to ConsiderCommentsLondonGirl2 years ago what a wonderful, heart-felt hub.Bornagain18 months ago I am new to hubpages, and I really think you wrote a terrific hub here.  My wife and I can relate as we also are parents of a biological and adoptive children.  I just finished writing and publishing my third hub, but the first one on our adoption experience.  I am now one of your fans!  Great job!Lisa HW18 months ago Bornagain, thanks.  It's always interesting to me to learn about yet more families built through both adoption and "the usual way".  Back when I first adopted my son I was thinking it may be kind of rare to have a "mixed" family.  Today I know it isn't rare at all.    :)SPetkovsek18 months ago Wow...what a wonderful story.  I am really touched by the love that flowed through your words.  My husband and I are about to embark on the adoption journey and your words have given me hope that it will be okay, even with bumps along the way.  Thank you so much for sharing.Lisa HW18 months ago Spetkovsek, thank you.  I think when we have the chance to adopt from infancy a lot of how well it works out is within our control (at least as much as it is with any child, biological or otherwise).  I wish the world had a better understanding of how nurturing in the first three years actually affects a child's brain connections.  Adoptive parents (all parents) who bring a newborn straight home from the hospital can actually have an impact on the kind of stress response system and immune system of the child for the rest of his life.  How fanastic that you'll be adopting.  (I would adopt an infant again in a minute, but I'm now at an age when I'd be "old granny age" when the child was college age.  :) .  )  Congratulations on your upcoming adoption.RoseGardenAdvice4 months ago Hearing all this from some one who has been there and done that is refreshing as opposed to people who can just give advice at the drop of the hate.  I like the way you have put in the pros and cons of adoption and that it really doesn't matter in the end. Wonderful hub.Lisa HW4 months ago RoseGardenAdvice, thank you for your kind words.  It happens that today (the day you've posted your comment) is my son's birthday.   :)  I don't know....  Somehow, it's just kind of nice to have this Hub show up with a comment on his birthday.If I could just indulge in a little mother-of-the-birthday-guy thinking...   Every year, no matter how old he gets, I do that same thing that I do with his siblings - starting thinking about his birthday coming up the first day of the month it's in.  My first son was born a week late, breech, at 5:28 p.m., weighing 5 lbs even and measuring 21" inches long.  (A little oddly, his baby sister weighed 5 lbs 13 ounces, and his little brother weighed 4 lbs 8 oz - so the bunch of them were all lightweights - but I digress in my self-indulgent birthday-thinking....)Anyway, each year, I think of these things I've just mentioned and think, too, about how I have no way of ever recalling where I was or what I was doing the day my son entered the world.  That's a strange kind of "con", I guess.  On the other hand, I've learned that I have all the same kind of reflections and thoughts on all three kids' birthdays, and having the chance to learn that by being a mother to a child I didn't have myself has, to me, been very much a "pro".I guess the one reason I think talking about an adoption "gone right" is important is that we so often hear the adoption-gone-wrong stories or the stories about how so many adoptees have "issues" that are believed to inevitable.  I do think a little more balance in the "general discourse" might paint a more realistic picture.Spacey Gracey3 months ago Hi Lisa - I read this because I am doing research into adoption as my husband and I are thinking if adopting in a few years time. Your hub was so lovely it made me cry. Thanks for writing it. Can I ask - if it is not too personal - how do you deal with the pain of knowing that his life was not great before he was with you? Do you know much about his circumstances. I am thinking about an older child or siblings so they will come with a serious back story and I'm not sure I am ready to deal with the resentment that will cause in me. - Just realised that is a long comment and maybe will result in a complex answer. If you are happy to share maybe you can email me?Lisa HW3 months ago Spacey Gracey, (if you think this comment is long you haven't seen some of the comments, or my responses to them, on a few of my Hubs   LOL   This is "nothing".  )I do know quite a bit about my son's original "story".  He didn't until he got to be 21.  He only new a few basics.  He didn't have a whole lot of life before me, but I did have anger of it.  Sure, he e.mail.  In the meantime, I'll go back to the forum thread you posted and meet you there (maybe).Lynn64 weeks ago This is all so complicated. Emotionally speaking just to mention one of the complexities of the matter.I am also reading up on the subject since I want to adopt and there are so many answers, and so many things to be taken into account.Thank you for sharing all of this. As I said I am researching and trying to find an agency, so far I have only found www.adoptionservices.org to be helpful and clear. Any other I might want to check?Thank you again!!!Lisa HW4 weeks ago Lynn, I don't have first-hand experience/knowledge with today's adoption resources/agencies.You probably already know that adoptions can be broken down into domestic and International.  Agencies can be broken down into public, private, and those specializing in International adoptions.  Special needs and older-child adoptions are something that individual states may have referrals for when someone is interested in those.   For example, in Massachusetts there is a "general" adoption process (and people who handle adoptions done associated with infants/children removed from their homes), but there is also the "Mass Adoption Resource Exchange" which deals with special needs and hard-to-place children.  Other states most likely have something similar.You may have already run into some (or all) of these, but here are some links (beginning with an adoption-information e.magazine first, but then including resources/agencies:http://e-magazine.adoption.com/http://www.adoption.state.gov/parents.htmlhttp://www.openadoptions.com/information/questionshttp://www.adoptionlearningpartners.org/adopting.chttp://adoptioninformationclearinghouse.org/http://www.childwelfare.gov/adoptionhttp://www.cfcrochester.org/pg/adoptionhttp://www.childadoptions.com/adoptions/adoption-dhttp://library.adoption.com/articles/resources-forhttp://www.advokids.org/advokids_pap.htmlhttp://www.adoptionqa.com/blog/about-adoption/494/http://www.adoptpakids.org/AdoptiveParent.aspxSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesMore on AdoptionNational Council For Adoption  NCFA  Adoption ResourcesABA CENTER ON CHILDREN AND THE LAWPsychology of Adoption, Quotes from Adoption ProfessionalsAdoption Travel -- Affording AdoptionNational Council For Adoption  NCFA  Adoption Resources97Lisa HWFrom Massachusetts1232 Followers305 HubsJoined 3 years agoRead more hubs by Lisa HWFollow Lisa HWSubscribe to Lisa HW's RSS feedAnswers The QuestionPros and Cons of Adopting Childrenasked by Kat07 2 years ago4 answersThis question is closed Ask a QuestionAsk Lisa HW a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsDO YOU THINK BEING A MOTHER OF SPECIAL NEED ADULT CHILDREN AND TRYING TO WORK IS IT EASY OR HARD?asked by SHERICIA 4 months ago5 answersAnswer this questionhow old does the minor child adopted out have to be to choose to come back or see paternal parent?asked by tanyastuart 13 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionRelated HubsPros and Cons of Adopting a Childby Eileen HughesGrown Adoptees and Birth Mothers Building A Relationshipby Lisa HWBeing adopted can mean constant fears of inadequacyby glassvisageShould an Adopted Child Contact Their Birth Mother or...by Watkins LadyAdopting a Child by glassvisageA Father to the Fatherlessby Chin chin Adoption ForumTopicRepliesAt what age do you tell your child that they are adopted?posted by dawnM29What`s the concensus of gays and lesbians adopting children?posted by Over The Hill62just starting the processposted by jennyjune882Post a new topic4 more topics Tagsadvice family children home adoption adopting Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.287 sec)  working