How to Teach Children About God?HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsReligion and PhilosophyChristianity, the Bible and JesusChristianity for ChildrenHow to Teach Children About God?How to Teach Children About God?77rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Write On!Reading From The Bible With Our Children... 100 Ways to Teach Your Children About God100 Ways to Teach Your Child about GodAmazon Price: $12.29List Price: $6.99The Word Of God...  Reading The Bible With Our Children...As you read from The Bible with your children, and as a family - you should be taking the time to teach these important and eternal truths...Teaching Children About God... that He Is.The knowledge of a Creator that is over all things.God created us.The earth was created for your child by a Loving God.Every person in the world, is a child of God.God loves all of His children as equals.God hears and answers our prayers, because we are His children.God watches over us, and cares very much about what we do and who we become.What we choose to do, and how we live our lives every day, can bring us great happiness.God gives us commandments.We are happy when we obey God's commandments.Our choices have consequences.Jesus Christ came to earth to save us from our sins.Jesus Christ overcame death and hell for all of us... if we would choose Him.Jesus Christ is the Son of God and The Only Begotten of The Father, in the flesh.Jesus Christ is our Savior and Redeemer.Because of Jesus Christ, all men will be resurrected. If we repent, God will forgive us, because of Jesus Christ.We must forgive everyone. God wants each of His children to live with Him in Heaven.How To Teach Your Children About God and Why? As a Christian mother of five children and now a grandmother also...   I firmly believe that the most important and powerful education we can give to our children, is the knowledge of God, who is their Heavenly Father.  The best way to teach our children about God, are from His Holy Books.  The Bible is given to mankind, as the greatest teachings for learning to become like Jesus.  Jesus Christ set the perfect example of how to Live.  We want to teach our children the ways of Christ...  The Bible is the best how-to-book ever written, because it teaches us to follow Jesus Christ.  When children are taught to focus their lives on following the teachings and example of Jesus Christ, their happiness in this life will increase tremendously.  Think of all the pain and suffering an individual will spare themselves, by simply living true to the teachings of Jesus Christ.  The Bible from start to finish - shows us exactly how important keeping commandments of God will be in our lives...Throughout the Bible, man is commanded to live the laws of God.  The Story of the Bible and it's message to mankind, is that when we live His laws - we are blessed and happy, but when we do not keep His laws... oftentimes very sad consequences occur.  The Bible is a powerful tool for parents, in helping their children to learn how to make good choices.  As they grow, and make choices - you are then able to help them see the consequences of their own choices.  When children begin to understand that their personal choices - are what bring them either happiness or sadness in llife, they will come to have faith that following the plan that Jesus wants them to - will always bring them happiness and peace.  When your children through their own choices to either follow Jesus or not follow Jesus -- will come to trust in Jesus Christ and exercise faith in His Words verus the teachings of the world.  Unless children, from an early age develop this moral compass, it is much more difficult as they grow-up to be compelled to make good choices. One of the most important responsibilities that we have as parents, is to teach our children - how to have faith in Jesus Christ and His sacrifice for us. Christians believe that The Holy Bible is the "word of God".  Christians also believe that God is All Knowing - All Loving  - All Powerful and Always...  All Around Us!  When parents take the time to read the Bible as a family, or to read  with their children individually -  they place themselves in a very powerful teaching position...  which is exactly where parents should be.  Taking the opportunity and  beginning when your children are young - to teach them from the actual words of The Bible - we then are grasping what I believe to be "the golden years" for teaching as  parents.  As parents today... grasp the opportunities to teach our own little ones - we must!  God has preserved His word, miraculously - in the record known - as The Holy Bible.  Reading The Bible With Your Children...KJV Children's Rainbow BibleAmazon Price: $16.99KJV Children's Rainbow Bible with World's Visual Reference System (tm)Amazon Price: $94.95List Price: $14.99My Holy Bible for African-American Children, KJVAmazon Price: $14.58List Price: $24.99MasterSweep Theater Presents The Animal's Side of the Story - 15 Inter Active Puppet Skits & Children Make Their Own Puppets!Amazon Price: $12.95KJV Illustrated Study Bible for KidsAmazon Price: $8.51List Price: $19.99Holy Bible: King James Version, Kids Study Bible (Bible Kjv)Amazon Price: $13.69List Price: $22.95Children Who Are Old Enough To Read Themselves...  Learn To Love The Bible. Each child in your family, should have their very own copy of the Bible.  Developing a relationship with God, will come over time and through their reading, studying and praying over the teachings of the Bible.The NIV For Children And Helping Them Better Understand The Word Of God...Read with Me Bible: An NIV Story Bible for ChildrenAmazon Price: $12.95List Price: $16.99My Holy Bible for African-American Children, NIVAmazon Price: $14.98List Price: $24.99NIV Bible for Kids: Red Letter Edition (Kidz Bibles)Amazon Price: $14.99List Price: $24.99NIV Bible for TeensAmazon Price: $15.00List Price: $24.99The New Adventure Bible: The NIV Study Bible For KidsAmazon Price: $19.90List Price: $24.99The Bible Is Much More Than Another Story Book... Children can and need to learn - and understand,  at a very young age -  that The Bible is a Holy book.  Kids should learn to take care of their Bibles, because of the sacred record of God, that the Bible contains.  Children should learn to treat The Bible itself, with reverence.   This will also send a powerful message alone... regarding the teachings of God that are contained therein - to your child.  For these reasons, owning a personal Bible is very important for each of your children as you begin to teach and share with them, that which you value and your personal beliefs.  Each one of your children, will be more likely to understand the personal relationship that they too can develop with God, if they have a copy of  His record of their very own. As our children grow-up and learn personally - the importance of the "word of God" as they have come to understand it, through the guidance of loving parents;   it is the true delight of a Christian parent - knowing that they have fostered that love for God, through the use of His Holy Bible.   Teaching From The Bible To Your Children...Teach Your Children to Study the BibleParents Raising Children|Bible Principles of Family Training ...The Case for Teaching The Bible - TIMEChildren Love To Read From The Bible.  Having A Loving Parent  That Is Willing To Take Their Time To Teach And Guide A Child In Understanding The Word Of God... When children either are read to, or read from the Bible themselves... you, will see instantly the light of Christ in their eyes.  This is truth that can only come by the power of His words...More Of What Write-On! Has To Say On HubPages...The Fine Art Of  Poetry... Is A Gift!Family Games Versus Family Feuds?Healthy Families...  What Is Your Family Temperature?  Have You Had A Check-Up Lately?Parenting Teens Today And Being Responsible About It!Investing In People... Is It Worth It?Music And How It Affects Our Thoughts, Feelings...  Ultimately Our Actions!Through The Bible, We Teach Our Children The Power Of The Word Of God...The words of God, through ancient prophets and the many teachings, stories and lessons that are recorded in The Bible, can and will become a source of personal strength and reason for our children to have faith in Jesus Christ. The Holy Bible is given to us as parents, from a loving God, as the foundation by which we may most effectively teach our children to... "Look to God and Live". Children embrace the teachings in the Bible personally... because they have learned how to have private moments in the scriptures and then prayed for understanding themselves... allowing the Spirit then to teach and testify of these truths - to them alone.Therefore, the Bible also teaches us the importance of prayer and communication with God, so that we may develop faith through and in His Son, Jesus Christ. This, is how we as parents, can - through making sure that we read as families, and with our children individually, from the actual Bible - the words of God; which teach them about God, and how to have faith in Jesus Christ - serve our children best.As your children learn about Jesus Christ, His dealings with His people, and His earthly ministry, they will come to understand His love for them and why He gave up His life for them... thus we teach gratitude and humility in our children; and also their need for Jesus Christ becomes apparent to them. What greater gift, can a good Christian parent endow upon their own child - whom He loveth too...  than to ensure the knowledge of the Gift of His Son, unto them...Write On! vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny (1)Awesome (2)Beautiful Future Of Technology - Where Do YOU Fit In?Blog Action Day: Poverty - All Of These Things, Need Not Be...CommentsIn The Doghouse2 years ago Write OnI too feel this is extremely important.  Even though I didn't take  better advantage of the time to teach my children when they were young, directly from the pages of the Bible, they somehow learned from osmosis, I guess. I wish I would have done it more faithfully as I reflect on the time today.  It is really never too late to start however, for we are always a teacher now aren't we?  Thank you for teaching us about the importance of sharing God's word with our family.SirDent2 years ago Great hub and so true. Children absorb information much more easily than adults do.I do have one question for you though. How can you be a grandparent to ALMOST SEVEN? "confused"Write On!2 years ago Hello SirDent -Thank you for your comment.  Not sure of the confusion... perhaps this may help...Write On!http://hubpages.com/hub/LdsNana---The-Secret-Of-MoRob Jundt2 years ago Excellent hub and very true. I seem to be always telling my children that we have to teach them right from wrong. If we don't, someone else will; and their version will be completely different. Very sad. -- There is no better resource for truth than th Holy Bible. Thank you for reminding us!solarshingles2 years ago So well said! And we really need to look at our own Christian behavior on our every step to be in accordance with Christianity. Our children will always look at us - their parents how do we really live the bible and they will combine both in their own way in their young, but very bright minds.Write On!2 years ago solarshingles -Yes we most certainly do...  As parents, we can teach, teach, teach - but what we DO, is that which either enforces, or can even destroy that which we hope for our children.  The standards of Christianity are quite high, and therefore when we teach them verbally - we must model them in our everyday lives.  The life of a parent, should be one of the strongest testimonies of Christianity our children can look to....Write On!Willis Whitlock2 years ago Even if a parent is unsure about God, reading to children from the Bible has merit. Christianity and the Bible have had a huge impact on the modern world. There is a cultural value if not wholly religious value to exposeing kids to Bible stories.clint2 years ago Great, well thought out and pointed hub.Spending time teaching children about the Bible and the principles there in. Is time well spent no matter how you look at it.foodstorage2 years ago One of my son's favorite activities is reading his "scripture stories" at the breakfast table every morning.  He's only 4 but he is learning the stories and concepts already and building good habits.Mormon Soprano2 years ago Lovely page.I recently wrote a post about the wonderful memories I have of my mother teaching me through the holy scriptures from a young age. My earliest memories are of reading the illustrated scripture stories. The most important time to instill values and belief systems is from early years. These teachings give children a larger sense of the world than themselves and help them to value themselves and others. Thank you for sharing such a nice page.Jacques23 months ago Hi there, got a nice little comment from you this morning on my Monkeyprofit.com blog and thought I would drop by hear to see whats going on. You really have some excellent content here. I love this hub especially and really agree with what you said. Really a good resource for anyone raising kids. I mean, religion is the most important lesson that your kid will ever learn. Keep wellMeri19 months ago Wonderful hub. Thank you for this. I have a bible for children at home, full of pictures. Only a few stories, but it really helped me "teach" my daughter about God.\Brenda Scully19 months ago could not agree with you more great hubtwill4jc17 months ago Great, great, great hub! Did i say great? Oh how this is needed so much in the world we live in! way to many parents leave the tv to raise their children, instad of taking the time to teach them the Word of God, pray with them, and to take them to church! Keep up the good work, you just got a new fan.God bless yabayareagreatthing16 months ago Wow- I too am a mother of 5!  All grown now, but thank God I did give each of them a Bible.  Giving our children truth is the best gift this side of love!  Another thing I have found helpful, not only for children, but adults as well is knowing how to apply that truth.  May I share with you what I have found?  How do we know what God's will is?  That is the question I ask here:http://hubpages.com/hub/Truth-BibleWrite On!16 months ago Thanks All!  And bayareagreathing, thanks for sharing your lovely Hub:-)Write On!Samantha Gold15 months ago Children learn by example, as well.  If you read the Bible, your children will one day read the Bible.  If you follow the Bible and act like a Christian, your children will act like Christians.mother n son12 months ago Children learn very fast.  And they tend to copy what we do. thank you very much that is wonderful I'll follow your advisengoo6 months ago my comment is Children of age 12 to 18 what chapter of bible will you use on themWrite On!6 months ago ngoo -Children by the ages of 12-18 can read The Bible themselves, and then discuss what they have read.  Teach them to look for the lessons in the stories, and how they might apply these lessons to their own lives.GojiJuiceGoodness6 months ago Great hub! You've touched on some great points here. In our family, you'd "made it" in school when you were given your first "real" Bible (not just a pocket New Testament). We were given this complete Bible when we could read well. The Bible truly is a special gift & we each valued it from a young age.Write On!6 months ago Wonderful!nightwork45 months ago if we didn't push god on our kids we would at least give them a chance to make a real choice. kids believe in what they are told, sort of like santa or the tooth fairy. to me the biggest crime in religion is the brainwashing involved and it honestly bothers me to ne end.to me it's important to show kids right from wrong , fact from fiction but anything else that is only a belief is wrong.Write On!5 months ago So nightwork, you believe that we shouldn't teach children about God because they might believe what they are taught -- and ultimately choose to believe it also.  Parents are teachers.  Good parents teach truth to their children as they themselves have discovered it.  It's their right, responsibility and privilege.It is impossible to exercise individual agency without knowledge.  Certainly their are plenty of influences in the world that do not believe in the existence of God -- and no doubt most children will also be exposed to such teachings.  So, parents who believe in God rightfully teach their children what they believe on the subject and pray that they will embrace those teachings.There is little debate that those who choose to truly live the commandments of God tend to live much happier lives compared to those who do not have a solid moral compass and tend to waiver with the trends of society.Teaching and guiding a child is far from brainwashing, as these children do grow up and make individual choices based on information and experience.nightwork45 months ago i'll just disagree because your claims are based on nothing other then opinion which i'm happy to say is our right. i don't have any idea where you got your stats concerning religious people living much happier lives but they are false and it's really that simple.thanksWrite On!5 months ago nightwork -- please note, that my feelings of greater happiness are based on those individuals that actually live the teachings of the Bible.  Many people claim to believe the Bible and its teachings, as the word of God, but only live those commandments which they find convenient.Where a person is religious or not, there is no doubt that greater happiness in this life is found in honesty, brotherly love, forgiveness, chastity, fidelity in marriage.  I could go on and on...  When these "laws" or ways of living are abused -- unhappiness is almost always the end result.Although I don't have a study off the top to give you -- I still stand firm that living our lives via righteous principles inevitably brings greater happiness than when these values are disregarded.  Look around at those you know well -- and you will have your clear evidence.nightwork45 months ago i will agree that living a good life brings happiness but it definetly doesn't have to be a religious life. there are studies indicating that believing in god helps with stress and the reasoning is that because of these beliefs , a person has an entity to blame their problems on whether it be god or satan. i'm not saying religion makes a person less happy , all i'm saying is that making claims that are just your thoughts and passing them off as a fact is one of the things that an athiest finds humorous about religion. no disrespect meant but i'm a person who believes in facts not in one person's beliefs.Write On!5 months ago From a "religious" person's perspective -- a "good" life is ultimately a "Godly" life.  We believe that all good comes from God and His teachings.  Whether one who refers to themselves as "athiest" accepts this truth, is beside the point;)HubCrafter4 months ago "Every person is a child of God..."Can you elaborate a bit on this?Write On!4 months ago HubCrafter -From a Christian perspective, we believe that we are all sons and daughters of God -- therefore we are all brothers and sisters.  As such, it is important to teach our children that no matter our differences we are all of the family of God and therefore should love others as God loves us.Paul Chilson3 months ago 2 Roads publishing has a picture book titled 'The Love That Is True' for younger kids that shows God's love through all time, in a story book format.  It's a great resource to teach children about God and His love.Veer Sharma2 months ago Does anyone else think that children should grow up and choose their own religion instead of being taught which one is right?Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites93Write On!From United States531 Followers56 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Write On!Contact Write On!Follow Write On!Subscribe to Write On!'s RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Write On! a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsHow can we facilitate christian youth exchange programs between Africa and Europe or Americaasked by Abusa achinyamata 10 months ago1 answerAnswer this questionWhy is it easier for people to believe in Santa than it is for them to believe in God?asked by exquisitestill 9 months ago9 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsBook Review: Santa Claus, The Easter Bunny, The Tooth Fairy...by Patty Inglish, MSHow to Prepare Sunday School Lessons for Kidsby Chin chinBlaming God - What's That About?by Write On!My Brother the Musicianby Faybe BayRecipe For A Family Fun Bible Activity!by Write On!Make your own recycled toysby Catherine R Christianity for Children ForumTopicRepliesBullying Is Never Acceptable - Dan Savageposted by Beelzedad76Teaching my youngest son about Godposted by winter11265children christianityposted by mother n son61Post a new topic2 more topics Tagschildren education how religion god faith Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.262 sec)  working