Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 6 - Sectarianism - Super-grasses - DivisionHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesTerrorismFighting TerrorismTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 6 - Sectarianism - Super-grasses - DivisionTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 6 - Sectarianism - Super-grasses - Division71rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy theirishobserver.The Irish TimesTHE IRISH OBSERVERThe Irish Times  Irish News, Business News, Sports News & Ireland Weather OnlineFind the latest news online at The Irish Times including Irish News, International News, Business News, Sports News and Irish and International Weather.Terrorism Sinn Fein, President, Gerry Adams left and innocent mother of 10 children Jean Mc Conville who was murdered by IRA cowards on the alleged orders of Adams.New Book by Ed Moloney where Brendan Hughes (RIP) claims Adams ordered murder of innocent mother of 10 children Jean Mc Conville.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 6Terrorism  A Fairly Secret Army  Chapter 6  Sectarianism  Super-grasses  DivisionFollowing the Hunger-strikes the Provisional IRA Army Council under the leadership of Gerry Adams and Martin Mc Guinness ordered a number of high profile sectarian killings. The justification for this overt sectarianism was due to the triumphant attitude of some Protestant leaders during the republican Hunger-strikes. The most notable target of these overt sectarian attacks were the Official Unionist MP for South Belfast the Reverend Robert Bradford. These high profile sectarian murders showed the true core of the PIRA sectarian philosophy. This elitist attitude of the PIRA leadership meant that ordinary Catholics living in South Belfast would bare the brunt of loyalist retaliation for such murders.Since 1976, the republican leadership had shown, more clearly, its sectarianism by breaking with tradition and overtly rather than covertly killing Protestants. Traditionally the PIRA would kill Protestants who were members of the security forces and this could be justified to their own community, however the killing of democratically elected members of the British Parliament simply because they were Protestant was a break with tradition. Although this was the sectarianism that Goulding had warned the PIRA were capable of when he was leader of the Official IRA. The PIRA stated that their new overt sectarianism was due to the fact that the British Government had pulled British soldiers off the front line and were attempting to impose a policy of Ulsterisation by placing RUC (Police) and UDR (NI based British Army Regiment) in the front line against the PIRA.The truth was that the IRA could have attacked British Army personnel and installations at any time but it was easier and more in keeping with the PIRA thinking to gather intelligence about working class Protestants and small farmers who worked as part-time RUC or UDR men to supplement an uneconomic income from a small farm or low wage. These targets were known as soft targets, they provided limited risk to PIRA personnel and they inflicted a heavy psychological blow on the Protestant community (see, http://hubpages.com/hub/Sinn-Fein-Councillors-Husband-Denies-Role-In-Attempting-to-Murder-Postman). The Provisional IRA had come to view the Protestant people as the real obstacle to achieving a united Ireland. One senior IRA member in Belfast high lighted the sectarianism of the republican movement when he stated in an interview with Finnola OConnor:I would like to see those orange bastards just wiped out[1]1976 would also be the year in which the British Government decided to send the SAS into Northern Ireland. Before 1976 the SAS had been an Imperial police force in foreign lands that were used to impose the will of the British Empire on those who challenged their authority. The SAS had not been engaged as an urban policing unit, however, the British Government determined to show the Protestant people of the north that they could protect them sent in the SAS. The SAS were never consulted about their new appointment to the north and this caused many problems for an army unit that had lived in the desserts and had a licence to kill. The British also employed the Super-grass system in the north. This was a system where members of the various terrorist organisations turned States evidence on their former comrades.The Super-grass system was nothing more than selective internment and yet again many innocent people found them selves imprisoned on the word of well paid touts. This type of system had no place in a democracy where people of limited intellectual ability and other social dysfunctionality had their egos massaged by their Brit handlers in order to name and identify terrorists. Many of these touts were housed in a special annex at Crumlin Road jail where they were furnished with fine wines, foods and prostitutes. These touts were further promised a new life in a different country where their every need would be meet. Of course most of these touts had come from underclass, dysfunctional back grounds and had never known any life other than living on social welfare. These touts were easy to buy as were many thousands more within the ranks of the republican movement. Eventually the Super-grass system collapsed and the secret services such as M15, M16 and RUC Special Branch focused on maintaining touts within the ranks of the terrorist groups.While the prisons were being filled with those identified by touts/Super-grasses, out side the prisons the secret services were busy recruiting and placing more touts within the terrorist groupings. Even at the highest level within the PIRA touts were recruited and remained in key positions for many years some even for decades. However, over the years many touts were discovered within the ranks of the PIRA and they were executed, some who came forward and admitted they were touts were spared, indeed some where even allowed to run for Sinn Fein in various elections. This was important in psychological terms, it allowed people to realise that if they came forward and told that they had worked for the security services their lives would be spared. If the republican movement had killed every informer this would have been counter productive in electoral terms, the republican movement was and remains a hot bed for British agents.One example of the numbers of informers/touts within the ranks of the PIRA is evident in the arrest of an IRA informer, Peter Valente in 1981. When interrogated by the IRA before they killed him he named six other RUC Special Branch informers he knew in his own area, all of whom were later executed by the IRA. It is believed that individual teams of two RUC Special Branch officers had anything up to forty informers each to handle in any given large urban area at any one time, some of these informers were placed well within the republican movement in those areas, and other informers provided lower grade intelligence. Senior PIRA men have in fact on many occasions had IRA volunteers of lesser rank killed in order to cover their own double existence. Super-grasses such as John Grimley and Raymond Gilmore were actually Special Branch agents rather than people who hadsimply been bought for the Queens shilling. Dennis Donaldson who sat at the same table as Gerry Adams and Martin Mc Guinness at leadership level was only exposed in recent times as a British agent who had operated within their ranks for over two decades; he has since been executed in CountyDonegal. British and Irish Government agents within the republican movement have throughout its history been a thread of British and Irish Government counter-insurgency.One senior member of the PIRA Derry Brigade who commanded dozens of IRA volunteers with Martin Mc Guinness, had three IRA men executed accusing them of being informers, including Paddy Flood, whose family and people who knew him still protest his innocence. It has since transpired that the person directing these executions was himself the British agent, the killings of innocent men had been done in order that the real informer could cover his own tracks. However, when one considers that PIRA leader Martin Mc Guinness was having secret talks with M16 agent Michael Oakley during this period the world of touts/informer and traitors is a grey rather than black and white area within Irish Republicanism.Danny Morrision, who was a leading member of the republican movement was put forward for the 1984 European Election and as had been anticipated by many, the republican movement electoral base was returned to its ghettoised infrastructure with 10,000 votes less than the year before when the memory of the hunger strikes had not completely faded away. As I write it is the twenty-ninth anniversary of the death of IRA hunger striker Bobby Sands and it is as if it never happened as the republican leadership try and sell themselves as pragmatic democrats rather than sectarian bigots. It would be this ghettoised constituency that would yet again cause a feud of ideological consciousness at leadership level in the republican movement. As the republican leadership realised the limits of their insular sectarian ideology and their inability to become a real alternative with real political direction in comparison with constitutional nationalists such as the SDLP.To maintain what little momentum that had been created by the elections, the republican leadership had decided in 1984 to allow its elected members to local authorities in Northern Ireland to take their seats, just as their elected colleagues had already done in the IrishRepublic. These councillors, north and south, fast became the political middle management at regional level of the republican movement and front line political management at local level. It is very important to remember as I have alluded to earlier that the lower ranks of Sinn Fein are made of a myriad of people, some were former IRA who had turned tout under interrogation had come clean and were allowed back into the republican movement, some were allowed to run in elections for Sinn Fein as they came from lower middle class back grounds and were viewed as being able to secure new votes for Sinn Fein. There were many reasons why people joined and were wanted in Sinn Fein, most of them would not be trusted with confidential information. Things were different at the top of the republican movement where Sinn Fein and the IRA were as one.These new breed of politico-councillors mainly from underclass/working class back grounds soon discovered the benefits of democracy as they collected their salaries and expenses cheques. Many of these people had never known anything other than living on social security now they were able to buy houses, cars, holiday homes they were soon bit with the gravy train bug. In 1995 for example Belfast City Council had ten Sinn Fein councillors and the expenses claims were in the hundreds of thousands. Sinn Fein were supplied with state of the art offices and facilities, facilities visited by this writer, and facilities that would be the envy of any constitutional political party, all paid for by the tax payer.The republican leadership under Mc Guinness and Adams continued down the political road and as the leadership tightened their control on an ever evolving political machine the leadership began to follow British political parties in terms of vetting all candidates going forward. If a potential candidate was not fully in support of the leadership they were not allowed to run for the Party, even one word out of place in a public house could see a potential candidate side stepped for a more silent and loyal follower. This also applied in the Republic of Ireland, as I have stated earlier some of these lower ranking members of Sinn Fein would do business with any one to keep their new salaries and expenses claims. For example an article published in a regional paper in CountyMonaghan, The Northern Standard, shows how Sinn Fein voted with the pro-treaty pro-Brit Fine Gael party: Sinn Fein and Fine Gael combined together to reject the proposed Fianna Fail council estimates for 1995, at the councils meeting on Tuesday the 30th November, 1994, Fianna Fail were defeated by the combined weight of Fine Gael and Sinn Fein.[2]However, not everyone was happy with this process of politicisation and de-militarization. It appeared to many that touts and want-to-bes were being rewarded while republicans who had sacrificed everything were now surplus to requirement. In 1985 the militarists launched their most serious challenge so far. Ivor Bell, one of the most senior members of the PIRA Northern Command and close friend of Gerry Adams, indeed Bell had co-authored the reconstruction of the PIRA with Gerry Adams in the late 1970s. Bells grievance was that the republican movements resources were being concentrated on the Sinn Fein political machine and that there was not enough money to pay volunteers to fund operations or to support the families of republican prisoners. Bells supporters claimed that Adams brother Paddy had been imposed on the Belfast IRA in order to stifle military activity in Belfast.Adams made quite sure that Bell would no longer serve the republican movement when he heard of his decent. The republican movement in its history has always been more efficient at silencing those who question its leadership from within through death or threat of death than swaying public opinion into their insular sectarian malaise. Adams and the northern command of the PIRA had viewed politics as a weapon of long term coercion and one that he could control. As long as he could place family and friends in key positions in the PIRA he could use it and control it as well. The long war strategy was still very much the central thesis of the Provisional ideology. In the communities where Sinn Fein/IRA had a power base they imposed their will on the ordinary people, Catholic children in PIRA controlled areas who dared to tell out-siders (i.e. Social Workers) that they had been raped or sexually assaulted by members of Sinn Fein/IRA were beaten or shot in the knees by groups of IRA members, families were forced from republican areas under threat of death if they reported anything to the out-siders. Later I will explain how even Gerry Adams concealed the fact that his own father Gerry Snr and his Brother Liam were both child molesters who used the republican movement to protect them from criminal prosecution (see, http://hubpages.com/hub/Political-Rape). End Chapter 6  coming next:Terrorism  A Fairly Secret Army  Chapter 7  Shoot-to-kill  Anglo Irish Agreement  Republican Duplicity.[1] Page 140 OConnor, 1994[2] The Northern Standard, December, 1994vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (1)Beautiful Commentstheirishobserver.8 months ago all comments will be published.....IrishSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 6 - Sectarianism - Super-grasses - Division in the NewsYemen demands help in terrorism fight during German visit - SummaryEARTHtimes.org4 hours agoSana'a, Yemen - Yemeni Prime Minister Ali Muhammed Mujawar on Sunday demanded more international support for the fight against terrorism in his country. The comments came during a visit from a member of the German cabinet.Pakistan seeks German defence equipmentNew Kerala4 hours agoIslamabad, Jan 9 : Pakistan has asked Germany to allow export of defence equipment to enhance its capacity to fight terrorism, a media report said Sunday.U.K. terrorism threat level unchanged - policeThe Star2 days agoLONDON (Reuters) - Britain has not raised its national terrorism threat level nor a separate threat gauge for airports and railway terminals, police said on Friday, after reports that security had been stepped up at transport hubs.Fiery package addressed to Homeland Security chiefSeattle Times32 hours agoFirst, fiery packages sent to top officials in Maryland were opened, revealing an angry message complaining of the state's terrorism tip line. Then, a mailing addressed to the nation's homeland security chief ignited with a similar flash of fire and smoke at a D.C. postal processing facility.TerrorismGuerilla Days in Ireland: A Personal Account of the Anglo-Irish WarAmazon Price: $94.76List Price: $12.95Combating Terrorism in Northern IrelandAmazon Price: $150.00Cry of the InnocentAmazon Price: $2.68List Price: $4.98The Bloody Face of TerrorismAmazon Price: $2.99Combating Terrorism in Northern Ireland (Political Violence)Amazon Price: $124.25List Price: $150.00Ireland in Conflict 1922-1998Amazon Price: $22.95My Brother's WarAmazon Price: $6.36List Price: $14.99Transforming the Peace Process in Northern Ireland: From Terrorism to Democratic PoliticsAmazon Price: $30.48List Price: $32.9583theirishobserver.From Ireland437 Followers81 HubsJoined 12 months agoRead more hubs by theirishobserver.Contact theirishobserver.Follow theirishobserver.Subscribe to theirishobserver.'s RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk theirishobserver. a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWhich bomb is more inhuman: Human Bomb or a Nuclear Bomb?asked by Goodpal 35 hours ago2 answersAnswer this questionCould preoccupation with death/ suicide be an outgrowth of depression; or could it be prenatal?asked by aoiffe379 16 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsTerrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 11 - All the...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 9 - Framing the...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 7 - Shoot to...by theirishobserver.Terrorism - A Fairly Secret Army - Chapter 8 - The Politics...by theirishobserver.Deadly Divisions: An Attack on the IRSMby iskra1916Common Sense at Ground Zero and Congress is Missing in...by DevLin Fighting Terrorism ForumTopicRepliesWas The Iraq War Worth It?posted by ryankett191I guess I'll go first...posted by Mark Us17World Cup Seizedposted by theirishobserver.4Post a new topic7 more topics Tagspolitics new europe police murder republicans Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.083 sec)  working