10 Common Problems Students Face During CollegeHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsEducation and ScienceColleges and UniversitySurviving College10 Common Problems Students Face During College10 Common Problems Students Face During College91rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy GarfieldGatesThe Best of Times - The Worst of TimesWhile time spent at college is a fond memory and a happy experience for most, college life is not without its rough patches and problems.  While each persons problems are unique to their current circumstances, I know that there are a few problems that almost all college students deal with at least once during their time at school.  If you are on your way into college you might want to get a jump on how to deal with the 10 Common Problems Students Face During College. If you are reading for the sake of remembrance and posterity, I would ask that you try and throw a few good memories into the mix as you plod through the problems that once plagued you in your youth, or not so distant past. 1. Study.Problem: College is challenging. For many it requires a much larger effort than high school did, and unlike most high schools, college packs about two years of classes into one. Many students take a full 15 credit semester, while other try to cram in 18 or even 21 credits. At times it seems impossibe for students to stay on top of it all.Solution: College students need to realize their limits. If they can't handle 18 credit semesters, it will be worth it in the long run to slow down a little and only take 15. While the purpose of college is to study and to further the education of an individual, that doesn't mean students should study all of the time. It is important to schedule time for fun outside of study, and to take study breaks to keep the mind fresh and clear. For more information on studying see the Effective Study Habits guide.10 Ways to Avoid College DebtCollege costs rise at a rate of 5% to 8% annually. With inflation only rising at a rate of 2% to 3% annually, families and students are finding it more difficult to close the gap on...2.  MoneyProblem: Tuition costs are rising at alarmingly high rates. Couple that with eating out, shopping trips, gas for the car, and the price of textbooks, and you have a college student's worst nightmare. College students drop out of school each year because they cannot afford it. Others are forced to juggle full schedules with full time jobs to make ends meet. It is becoming increasingly harder for students to graduate debt-free.Solution: A new startup called BuzzFund is aiming to change the way that students pay for college. Buzzfund is a website where college students can post their personal profile, and donors can search for studetns to provide scholarships to. In addition, students can make less shopping trips, eat out less, carpool, and share or buy used books to try to save some money. 3.  JobProblem: To combat the high price of college tuition, many students must get a job. Juggling a job, 15 to 18 credits, and sometimes a club or sports team is quite a chore. Many students try to cram all of these activities into one day, and time spent sleeping suffers. Without proper rest, the student can then become succeptible to different kinds of health problems.Solution: Decide what is important. The student must prioritize and then schedule events, games, meetings, and studies accordingly. Also, a college student must be well aware of thier options when getting a job. Many times the university will offer jobs to students that are flexible and fit into the student's schedule. For more information see the College Jobs Guide.4.  HomesicknessProblem: Whether they admit it or not, most students will at one point get homesick. This is especially common for students who go to a school that is more than 3 hours from their home. Homesickness also affects freshman as it is presumably their first year away from home, and most freshman are not allowed to have a car during their first year at university.Solution: If the student lives within 3 - 4 hours from home (considered a comfortable day's drive) they can plan to visit home perhaps once every month or two. Care packages, emails, and phone calls to and from friends and family members can also greatly assist in reducing feelings of homesickness.5.  DepressionProblem: Most every problem on here has seemed quite dismal. These problems raise the stress levels of students. Some find relief in partying, and others (even some who party) find themselves getting depressed from their problems. Solution: If high stress levels and depression are an issue, it is best to seek professional attention. Many campuses have free counseling programs for the benefit of students. Many counselors are more than willing to listen and help students get back on track. (This doesn't mean the partying has to stop either, so long as students are partying responsibly and legally.)WebMD - Better information. Better health.The leading source for trustworthy and timely health and medical news and information. Providing credible health information, supportive community, and educational services by blending award-winning expertise in content, community services, expert co6.  Sickness / Health ConditionsProblem: With heighetened levels of stress and lack of sleep, health problems can occur. Living in close quarters in dorms also poses potential health risks and increases a student's chances of contracing some sort of virus or other sickness.Solution: College students should eat healty and balanced meals. It is also important for students to get a good night's rest as well. Keeping hands, bathrooms, door knobs, and other shared spaces clean will also reduce the risk of students coming down with sickness. If sickness and health issues do develop, most campuses will have a nurse on standby to provide medical assistance and advice.7.  Friends / RoommatesProblem: Friends and roommates are usually good for a good time. However, they can get on each others nerves at times. Because these students are living together in close quarters and seeing each other each day, this is just not a good thingSolution: Students must remember to take some time out for themselves. If possible, students should get away from campus for a little while and go to a coffee shop, or a mall and just take some time to gather their thoughts and be themselves. If conflicts do arise, it is best to get others (such as an RA or other friends) involved so that the spirit of community, unity, and peace at the college can continue to be upheld. 8.  PartyingProblem: Partying in itself really is not a problem. Parties were designed so that attendees could have a good time. However, many of the parties that go on at colleges today have the potential to cause problems. At many parties alcohol, drugs, and sex rule the night. Alcohol can lead to drunkenness and potentially deadly situations. Having sex without taking the necessary precautions can spread disease.Solution: While parties are a good time, students should plan to enjoy them in a responsible and legal way to ensure that they do not create problems for themselves for others. A simple internet search for drunk driving will turn up plenty of pictures and news articles which really do not need to be repeated.Relationship Advice - Off to College9.  RelationshipsProblem: Relationships are good, but at times they can become a problem. There are times in every realtionships where a couple will have a disagreement or issue. Disagreements between couples can distract students from their school work and add to already high stress levels. Break-ups can drive some students even further into depression.Solution: Relationship advice is hard to give. It will usually vary on a case by case basis. Couples should try and reconcile their differences. If break-ups do occur, it might be best to consult with a school counselor concerning feelings of depression.Choosing a College Major: How to Chart Your Ideal PathOne of toughest decisions college students face is choosing a major and a career. This article takes students through a journey of self-discovery.Choosing a Major - College Major Assessment Quiz - How to Choose a MajorChoose a major with this assessment quiz, designed to help you think about your personality and your college major choices.10.  Choosing a MajorProblem: Many students exert a lot of stress on choosing a major. Most of them think that their major will dictate their future career and how much money they will make at their future jobs.Solution: College majors have some importance, but they do not chisel future careers or wages in stone. Students should choose something that they like to do. If a student is unsure about what major to choose, they should choose something broad and versatile, such as a degree in communications. Many students who have gotten their Bachelor's degree in one field have progressed to get a Master's degree in a different one. Worrying about what field to major is simply not worth it. Worrying about gaining knowledge and life skills during a college education is.Is College Worth It All?These are just ten of the many problems that college students face. In the end, is college worth facing these problems and struggles? Ask college students, and probably 8 out of 10 will say it sure is. While students get stressed to the max, the good times outweigh the problem times and the college experience becomes one which shapes the minds and futures of many young people worldwide.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (13)Funny (1)Awesome (1)Beautiful (4)Best Websites to help you find your InternshipTeenage Jobs GuideCommentsTwin XL19 months ago Wow!  I can really relate to a lot of these.  Thanks for posting.Sexy jonty16 months ago Very well written hub .....very much informative ......Thank you very much for your great hub, for good advice, good wishes and support. Thanks for sharing your experience with all of us.NGRIA Bassett15 months ago Great post. I will send to my college kids. ThanksMehron-Zahok15 months ago good stuff man. makes me feel better hahArtemus Gordon14 months ago My daughter is a freshman in college this year and her biggest issue is money. It seems there is a never ending list of things she needs and it all adds up fast.iqbal8814 months ago good hubMitch King14 months ago These are common problems for many college students. But the good schools have programs in place to help them with most all of these.padmini11 months ago good points...really helped me,my problem basically becoz of bad friendsaskjanbrass11 months ago I think that, especially lately, choosing a major can be particularly hard on prospective and even current students. Job security doesn't really exist anymore, coupled with the fact that there is still a lot of pressure to decide what industry to pursue.This was a very well-written and interesting Hub. Thanks!lilian_sg10 months ago It's a great list =)Lorneth9 months ago I never heard of BuzzFund before, so thanks for providing me with that information.This was a well written hub.lesh9 months ago great hub bub.marc8 months ago nice adviceap8 months ago goooooood workaboyeafi8 months ago thx a lotomara jimmy7 months ago thanks for the best advice you gave, I think it would be very good if we use them. may God forgive us all.captainchris6 months ago hi,Just stoping by to say that i found your hub page very useful and helpful!We can never learn enoguh. I really enjoyed reading you hub page great info and great work on it!! Jeep it up!niva09306 months ago well said in al areas...useful tips for college students..thankz :)MelissaWood6 months ago Depression is also brought on by conditions in living spaces. College students that live in unclean surroundings are more likely to be depressed.KiMbErLy PrOvENdiDo6 months ago ..thanks, coz i can i make my assignment..@ tnx for the advice..i learn lots about the common problem of college student...tnx again..!!!eternalstudent6 months ago Thanks for the info about buzz fund. I'll have to check that out. I didn't realize there were people out there that were trying to find people to give money to!lashanti mcabee5 months ago that was really helpful thanksMavra Mannan5 months ago thanx alot.It is very nice of you to be so helpful.vishwani5 months ago :P :)veri helpfulll thnaxwade11hicks5 months ago I feel like choosing a major is a big part of our problems. Even through all the studying we do, no one really knows what their really passionate about. And some kids are lucky and realize their passion earlier in age.CollegePrepU4 months ago I agree wade...and even those kids that "know" what they're majoring in tend to switch majors when they get to college and realize they're not cut out for it.  So don't feel bad that you don't know yet.ayuub kemo3 months ago hireally it is on the point and i got the most usefull info and my proplem was moneylivenow13 months ago I believe you did a great job of pointing out challenges young people face when going off to college. I grew up one of the happiest people in the world and my whole life changed when I went to college. I went to college and for the first time in my life I felt depressed. The depression caused me to also have tremendous anxiety, which in turn led me to experiment with different ways to adjust to my life in college. Those experiments led me to act in ways that were outside of who I really was as a person and I continue to pay the price to this day for those experiments - over 20 years later, and, therefore, my entire adult life.Society puts a lot of pressure on students with college - such as "oh - where are you going to college?" - and it so unnecessary. The things we learn in college are useless compared to teaching our children and students about how it is important to "follow our hearts" and do and go where we feel the best inside and only we know where we will feel the best. Nobody can tell us where we we need to be but we must speak up loudly about how we feel inside and if we feel depressed, to speak loudly and speak early to avoid the downward spiral that will most certainly follow from ignored depression.We don't teach our children and kids or even adults about what depression and anxiety are - and how dangerous it is and it destroys success and fosters failure in all aspects of our lives, including family and in our careers.To think that my depression started in college because I was not in the right place for me - and my whole reason for being there was to better myself for a better future, than to develop a life-long depression which only started for the very first time in college. It's unreal but it's true. This is why I applaud your hub for bringing out that depression can happen in college and how important it is to make whatever change is necessary to stop it immediately.  Even if it means transferring schools or returning home for a semester or two, because depression is not normal and should never be tolerated as it can turn into a viscous life-long battle.solonka3 months ago Great works.mikiy3 months ago It's a smart of you to point out both the problem and the solution. Thanks!Sammy163 months ago That's real cool, love itbernadette2 months ago this info.helps a lot to the students who are facing similarly on that kind of problem they hadtim2 months ago gud!!! JOBwendy Garrido2 months ago Yeah dats true but I wil always continue studying to have a great life.Naqash Alla-u-Din2 months ago Actualy thats reality and i like it very muchmelandro chavian6 weeks ago thank ser, very helpful article,.now i realized that i experienced that when i was on my 1st and second year in collegezaza6 weeks ago thank s it s very helpfulmunn6 weeks ago having pr0b wit the lecturer too....mrs thanh 6 weeks ago thanks for providing the problem and solution at university.I cetainly send my daugter to study abroadrejoice10 days ago infact you people are very impresive keep it up. from a counsellorSubmit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites87GarfieldGatesFrom A Dorm Room44 Followers137 HubsJoined 10 months agoRead more hubs by GarfieldGatesFollow GarfieldGatesSubscribe to GarfieldGates's RSS feedAnswers The Question10 Common Problems Students Face During Collegeasked by Ryan Hupfer 2 years ago4 answersAnswer this question Ask a QuestionAsk GarfieldGates a question based on this Hub.Questions Asked on this Hubwhat are the causes of this common problems?asked by emelly 3 weeks ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe College Dorm Survival Guide / More Than Just A Book...by Dottie1Is Everybody Meant to Go to College?by Audacious ShelleyHow To Succeed In College While Working A Full Time Jobby Steven GomezTop 5 College Foodsby debrisHow To Be Successful In Online College Coursesby adjunct10 Common Problems Students Face During Collegeby Trekkiemelissa Colleges and University ForumTopicRepliesIs College Really Optional?posted by AshleyRB26Why do you think some teachers show a lack of self control?posted by ambersagen34Unoversity of California Berkeley is in a mess!posted by Moravecglobal2Post a new topic15 more topics Tagshealth friends jobs school college students Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.2 sec)  working