KTAR.com - Statements pour in in Tucson shooting aftermathSunday, January 9 Login | Sign UpKTAR Rewards | All Star RewardsChoose A StreamNews Talk 92.3620 SportsKTAR PodCenterHomeNewsSportsOpinionsShowsPodcastsVideoPhotosEventsContestsLinksLocalUSWorldBusinessEntertainmentTrafficWeatherHealthTechOddSilent WitnessStatements pour in in Tucson shooting aftermath by KTAR.com(January 8th, 2011 @ 4:49pm)President Barack Obama pauses during a statement on the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords, D-Ariz., at the White House on Saturday, Jan. 8, 2011, in Washington. Giffords is in critical condition after being shot in the head in her district in Arizona Saturday, Jan. 8, 2011. (AP Photo/Evan Vucci)Policy >>Comments:2Tragedy in TucsonLoughner charged with federal crimesSecond man cleared in shootingMan who died saved his wifeYoungest victim was born on 9/11Described suspect as opinionatedShootings won't deter dutyList of victims killedGov. Brewer 'heartbroken' Federal judge among victims Vigils for shooting victimsStatements are pouring from both sides of the political aisle after the shooting of Arizona Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and 10 others at a political event. Statement by Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano:"I am deeply saddened by reports that Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, Chief Judge John Roll and others were attacked today in Tucson, Arizona.  There is no place in our society or discourse for such senseless and unconscionable acts of violence.  Gabby is a steadfast representative for southern Arizona and both she and John are dedicated public servants.The Department of Homeland Security has offered all possible assistance to the FBI and the Pima County Sheriff's Office, who are leading the investigation. My thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman Giffords, her family and staff, and all those who were injured in this difficult time."___Statement by the Vice President Joe Biden: The horrific attack in Tucson, Arizona, this morning has taken the lives of at least five people, including a federal judge and a young girl, and left many others wounded, among them a dear friend, Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords.Gabby is one of the finest members of Congress I know. She is a principled leader and a consensus-builder. She has spent her time in office working her heart out to improve the lives of the people she represents. And she loves her husband and family above all else. On this tragic day, Jill and I are praying for Gabby's recovery, and we hold her family in our hearts.Chief Judge John Roll was a dedicated jurist whose death is a terrible loss to Arizona and to the country.We do not yet know the motivation behind these shootings. But what we do know is that there is simply no justification, no rationale for such senseless and appalling violence in our society.Please join Jill and me in praying for each of today's victims and for their families and loved ones.___The followings statement is from Dennis Van Roekel, president of the National Education Association, who taught for 23 years in Arizona, on today's shooting in Tucson:"On behalf of all the members of the National Education Association, I wish to express my deep concern about the attack on Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords. We know that she is under the best of care and is surrounded by the love from her family. The NEA and Arizona Education Association join with the heartfelt support of her community in wishing her a speedy and complete recovery. Rep. Giffords is a dedicated public servant and has made outstanding contributions to Arizona."We are horrified by the tragedy that has taken the lives of six people and wounded others as a result of this attack. Nothing can be more difficult or deserving of more support, and our prayers are with the family and friends."___Statement by Senator McCain regarding the tragedy in Arizona:Washington, D.C. - U.S. Senator John McCain (R-AZ) made the following statement regarding the horrifying attack at an event for U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords (D-AZ) in Tucson, Arizona:"I am horrified by the violent attack on Representative Gabrielle Giffords and many other innocent people by a wicked person who has no sense of justice or compassion.  I pray for Gabby and the other victims, and for the repose of the souls of the dead and comfort for their families.  I beg our loving Creator to spare the lives of those who are still alive, heal them in body and spirit, and return them to their loved ones."Whoever did this; whatever their reason, they are a disgrace to Arizona, this country and the human race, and they deserve and will receive the contempt of all decent people and the strongest punishment of the law."___ U.S. Senate Republican Whip Jon Kyl made the following statement regarding today's tragic shooting attack upon federal Judge John Roll, U.S. Representative Gabrielle Giffords and several others in Tucson:"Caryll and I send our most heartfelt condolences to the family of Judge John Roll and the others who were killed and injured today in Tucson.  Judge Roll, who presided over the federal District Court in Arizona, was an exceptional judge and a good friend.  "We pray for the recovery of Representative Giffords and the others who remain in critical condition.  Congresswoman Giffords is also a good friend, and I find it especially saddening that such a heinous crime would occur while she was fulfilling her congressional responsibilities."All of us will work to ensure that justice will be served fully and swiftly."___The following is a joint statement from Senate President Russell Pearce and Senate Minority Leader David Schapira on the attack on U.S. Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and the Arizonans attending her "Congress on Your Corner" event in Tucson:"Our thoughts and prayers go out to Congresswoman Giffords and those attending her event in Tucson who were attacked this morning. This is such a senseless tragedy and tough to comprehend. Elected leaders should have the ability to speak their minds and stand up for their constituents without threat of physical violence. Please join us in prayer for Congresswoman Giffords and the others who have lost or are fighting for their lives."___Superintendent of Public Instruction John Huppenthal's statement on Tragic Shooting in Tucson:"Today is a tragic day for Congressional District 8, Arizona and the nation. I am deeply saddened and mortified by the senseless act of violence committed against Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, Chief Justice John Roll and all victims of this horrific shooting. My prayers are with Congresswoman Giffords, her family, her staff, and all those who lost their lives or were injured in this horrific crime," said Superintendent Huppenthal."Serving alongside Gabrielle Giffords in the Arizona Senate, I remember, firsthand, her strong commitment to upholding justice tempered with a gentle compassion for helping people. Acts and threats of violence against those who nobly take up the call to serve have no place in a free society. May the perpetrator of this heinous violence be brought to swift justice and prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."___Statement from Arizona Supreme Court Chief Justice Rebecca White Berch on behalf of the Arizona Judicial Branch:"This is a sad and tragic day for the judiciary, our state, and our country.  The shocking events that took place this morning deeply grieve those of us in the Arizona Judiciary. Initial reports indicate that, along with Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and many members of her staff, Chief Judge John M. Roll of the United States District Court for the District of Arizona is a victim of this tragedy and we are deeply saddened that a member of our sister judicial system, a kind man, a wise and fair jurist, and a friend to many within the legal community, has been harmed by this senseless act of violence. Our thoughts and prayers go to all of those affected by today's shooting."___Don Bivens, Arizona Democratic Party chair, issued the following statement in response to today's tragic events in Tucson:"Words cannot express the shock and devastation we feel about today's senseless attack. Our deepest condolences go out to the families of those who were slain, and our prayers continue for Congresswoman Giffords and the others who are struggling for their lives. We remain hopeful that their conditions will stabilize and this tragedy will not claim any further victims. Gabrielle Giffords is more than a member of Congress -- she is a wife and daughter, a native of Tucson, and a dear friend. She is also one of the brightest and most dedicated public servants in our state and nation. Our thoughts remain with her and family."___Statement from Arizona Attorney General Tom Horne: I am devastated to hear about the shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and others.  Gabby served in the Legislature while I served as Superintendent of Public Instruction and we worked together well even though we were of opposite parties.  She was very amiable and easy to get along with.  The initial responsibility for bringing justice is to local law enforcement, but my liaison Gerald Richard told the Tucson Chief of Police we will do anything to help.  To the extent the Attorney General has an appropriate role to play we will devote the necessary resources to help see to it that justice is done swiftly.___Statement from Arizona House Speaker Kirk Adams:"Today we experienced a horrible act of violence in our state, the details of which we are still trying to process. My deepest prayers, as well as those of my colleagues, go out to Congresswoman Giffords, her family and today's other victims at this tragic time. We are all hoping for the best outcome and anxious to see the congresswoman and other victims recover."-State Rep. Kirk Adams, Speaker of the House___DNC Chairman Tim Kaine's Statement on Violence Today in Arizona:Washington, DC - DNC Chairman Tim Kaine issued the following statement on the shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords and others at a public event in Arizona today:"The terrible act of violence in Arizona has left us all aghast.  It is a sad day for America and our thoughts and prayers are with Rep. Giffords and all the victims of this tragedy."The facts of this criminal act are still to be determined, but we thoroughly condemn what happened in Arizona today. We must all reaffirm that there is no place in our country for violent attacks of this kind on public servants or any citizen for any reason."I know that I speak for our entire Democratic family in saying that my heart goes out to the victims of today's shooting and to the families of those who have perished as a result of this act of violence. My prayers continue to be with those who have suffered from and are responding to today's tragic event in Arizona."___AZGOP Chairman Randy Pullen Statement"Arizona's Republicans are deeply saddened and mortified by the horrific shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and the other 11 victims at an event this morning in Tucson," said Arizona Republican Party Chairman Randy Pullen."Senseless acts of violence like these are shocking, disturbing and have no place in our country.  The thoughts and prayers of all Arizonans are with the victims and families during this terrible tragedy in our state's history.  We sincerely hope that the responsible party is prosecuted to the fullest extent of the law."___Statement from Democratic Senate Candidate Rodney Glassman:Friend,I am shocked by today's tragic events. On behalf of my family, we are praying for Gabrielle and the other victims of today's senseless violence. Gabrielle Giffords is a great asset to Southern Arizona and on a more personal note, a friend and colleague that I greatly respect.I ask all Arizonans to join me in a prayer for Gabrielle Giffords. To my Democratic colleagues, I urge caution in placing blame. We must wait for the facts before pointing fingers. To my fellow citizens on the other side of the political aisle, I ask that you stand strong, shoulder to shoulder, with your Democratic friends against dangerous, violent rhetoric that threatens our democracy.Your Friend, Rodney___Former U.S. Rep. Harry Mitchell's Statement on Shooting Involving Rep. Gabrielle Giffords"This is a sad and dark day for our country, and an absolute tragedy that I don't want to believe could happen here.My heart is shattered for the family of Gabrielle Giffords and for all the innocent people who were killed or hurt today.  Gabrielle is a model Congresswoman - young, brilliant with a tremendous future - who absolutely loves her community and her constituents.  She has also been a true and unwavering friend since our days serving together in the Arizona State Senate, and she is the hardest working and most dedicated public servant I have ever known.  I just can't believe this has happened."___The following is a statement from Phoenix Mayor Phil Gordon:The pictures and stories we're seeing and hearing from Tucson today leave me more sad than I can describe. Rep. Giffords has long been a friend. Gabby is not only an admirable public servant, she is truly one of the most gracious, most caring people I've met in my life. She's in my heart today along with her family, Judge John Roll and his family, and everyone whose life was touched by today's shooting.Like you, I'm waiting to learn the facts of what happened, to get my mind around such a horrific tragedy. No matter what we learn, I know that violence like this is unacceptable. It diminishes our communities, the state of Arizona and our nation. Such violence stands in dark, painful contrast to the America we all work so hard to build and to protect.___Statement from Arizona Secretary Bennett regarding today's tragic shooting of U.S. Rep. Giffords, others:"Today's attack upon Congresswoman Giffords, staff and others attending her event in Tucson was senseless and vile. There is no twisted logic to explain this shooting, nor is there any justification. We have no room for violence in our political culture."I served with Congresswoman Giffords for four years in the Arizona State Senate. She is a gifted leader with a bright future. I pray for her full recovery, and for the recovery of others injured in today's horrific shooting. For the loved ones of those killed, I can only offer the deepest condolences of myself and my family. This is a tragic day for Arizona."___Rep. Schweikert Statement on Rep. Giffords:Washington, D.C. - Congressman David Schweikert released the following personal statement after the tragic shooting in Tucson, Ariz., earlier this morning that took the life of some and gravely injured his colleague, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords:  "Joyce and I are joining hands in heartfelt prayers for Rep. Giffords and all the other victims of this tragedy. It is unconscionable and while we are still awaiting all the details, we urge all Arizonans and Americans to pray for the victims of this terrible tragedy."___Rep. Raul M. Grijalva Statement on Shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords:Rep. Raul M. Grijalva today released the following statement on the shooting of his colleague, Rep. Gabrielle Giffords of Arizona:"I am sickened by the horrific attack in Tucson today and saddened by this senseless violence. This is a tragedy for Arizona, our nation, and our democracy. Gabrielle never let fear or intimidation prevent her from serving the people of Arizona. My thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman Giffords, her husband Mark, her staff, all those who were injured, and their families."___Statement from Congressman Paul Gosar WASHINGTON, DC -U.S. Congressman Paul Gosar, DDS (AZ-01) and his wife Maude released the following statement today: "Today our thoughts and prayers are with Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords, her family, her staff, and those injured in this horrible tragedy.  Gabrielle is a selfless public servant and we are all praying for her."-Maude and Paul Gosar___Former Representative Ann Kirkpatrick Offers Prayers and Condolences to Families of Victims:FLAGSTAFF, AZ - Representative Ann Kirkpatrick released the following statement following news of today's attack on Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords:"My thoughts and prayers are with my friend and colleague, Gabrielle Giffords, her husband, family, and staff.  This senseless act of violence is a sobering reminder of how precious life is, and my deepest condolences go out to the families of the victims."___Congressman Trent Franks, responding to reports that Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords was shot earlier this afternoon at an event in Tucson, released the following statement:"Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords is a precious, decent human being, and the monstrous degenerate that shot her should be prosecuted with the greatest energy that we can muster to the fullest extent of the law possible."The last thing I saw Rep. Giffords doing on the floor of the House of Representatives was reading the First Amendment of our Constitution; and while she was out exercising that right under that same amendment, some monster reportedly shot her at point blank range."We should make it clear to such evil individuals that free people in a Constitutional Republic such as our will not intimated by this kind of evil."There is a hole in my heart on behalf of the entire Giffords family and her friends and loved ones. I am praying for Gabrielle and all of those who love her."___Statement From UA President Robert N. Shelton Regarding the Shooting of Rep. Gabrielle Giffords:This afternoon our thoughts and prayers are with Representative Giffords and her family in the aftermath of this unspeakable tragedy.  Gabrielle Giffords cares about her community and her country in a way that is unique. She has been a tremendous friend of the University of Arizona, and in her two terms has worked tirelessly on behalf of education. She has always been a voice of moderation, which makes this shooting even more difficult to comprehend.We are confident that she is getting the best care possible at UMC, and we join with the entire community in praying for a full recovery.  At the same time, we extend our sympathies to the families of those who were killed or injured in this terrible tragedy. ___The Arizona Education Association is shocked by today's shooting of Congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords and other victims and expresses its deepest sympathies to them and their families: "This senseless and horrific act is an attack on individuals, on civil society, and on our democracy," says AEA President Andrew F. Morrill.  "We, the members of the AEA, pledge to continue the highest level of public discourse and standards of citizenship. Our thoughts and prayers remain with the victims and their families."Last Comment0ReplyAbuseVoteWe Are A RepublichootchIt bothers me when folks such as Rep. Raul Grijalva and The Arizona Education Association refer to our form of government as a Democracy. We are a Republic. Trent Franks is the only one in the article to get that right. Even a little spin like that is still a spin. It's very sad that this happened but it is hilarious to watch the media/government spin away on everything but facts.159147Read More CommentsAsk About An AdvertiserMost Viewed StoriesUncle: Niece was 'typical' 9-year-oldList of victims killed in shooting spreeEx-classmates: Suspect was 'odd'Palin offers condolences to familySecond man cleared in shootingMost Read Sports StoriesPhoenix Suns searching for identity, lineupsGambo: Suns shouldn't sell for 50 cents on the dollar Espo: Can you judge Dockett's character by 140 of them?Increased police presence at delayed Arizona gamePhoenix not bowled over by title game by MojoPages  Phoenix Business DirectoryBusinessLocationBlindsBondsBuffetCabinetsCampCandlesClothingCondosCookiesCurtainsGift BasketsGift ShopsHome DecorHome TheaterKitchen CabinetsLampsNannyNurseryOutletParty SuppliesPreschoolShoesSkin CareT ShirtsTheaterHome  |  Contact Us  |  Advertise With UsCopyright Policy  |  Terms of Use  |   Privacy Policy  |  Contest Rules  |    Employment Opportunities  |  EEO Public File ReportCopyright  2011 Bonneville International. All rights reserved. 