Murderous Children: 11 Year Old Serial Killer Mary BellHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesCrime and Law EnforcementTrue CrimesMurderous Children: 11 Year Old Serial Killer Mary BellMurderous Children: 11 Year Old Serial Killer Mary Bell87rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Antonia MonacelliMary Bell at the time of the murders, in 1968.Source: Police Evidence FileMary Bell, The Tyneside Strangler: "I Murder So That I May Come Back"It was the summer of 1968 in Scotswood, a community north of London in England. Martin Brown's lifeless body was discovered lying on the floor inside a boarded-up, condemned house, with blood and saliva trickling down his cheek.  With no obvious signs of violence, police believed the 4-year-old's death to be accidental at first.  A few weeks later, 3-year-old Brian Howe was found strangled in an industrial area, where the local children were known to play.  He was found with various strange wounds, including puncture marks on his thigh, his genitals partially mutilated, and clumps of his hair cut off.  In addition, a few days later another mark would become evident on his belly, where it looked like someone had tried to scratch the letter "M" into his skin with a razor blade.  A pair of broken scissors lay nearby.The community was in a state of panic, and the police were looking for an answer.  They started questioning all the children in the area.  Two children in particular seemed to be acting very strange; Norma Bell, age 13, seemed excited by the murder, and the detective noted that throughout questioning she kept smiling, as though it were a huge joke.  11 year old Mary Bell also reacted oddly, and was being very evasive (despite the common last name, Mary and Norma were not related).  As their investigation continued, Mary continued to act strangely.  At one point, she claimed she had seen another 8-year-old boy with Brian the day he was murdered.  She claimed she had seen the 8-year-old hit Brian, and that at one point she saw him playing with a pair of scissors.  But, the boy she pointed the finger at had been at the airport the afternoon of Brian's murder, and by mentioning the pair of scissors, Mary had implicated herself.  The pair of scissors had been confidential evidence; if Mary knew about them, then she had to know something about the murder.To police, it was becoming clear that one or both girls were involved in the murder.  The day that Brian Howe was buried, Mary was observed by a detective standing outside of the Howe's house.  The detective was horrified to see Mary, watching while the coffin came out, laughing and rubbing her hands together.  He decided something needed to be done immediately, before another child died, and so he questioned Mary's friend, Norma Bell, again before Brian's funeral.  This time, what Norma told the police shocked them.Mary's Victims Left: 4-year-old Martin Brown. Right: 3-year-old Brian Howe.A Childish Letter From a Child Murderer One of the notes left behind by Mary & Norma in the vandalized nursery.Source: Police Evidence FilesWhat Happened & Why?:  "Get That Thing Away From Me!"Though both of their stories would change over time, the story that Norma told police the day of Brian's funeral was enough for the police to pick Mary up immediately.  According to Norma, Mary had told Norma that she killed Brian, and she had brought her to the boarded-up house afterwards to show her his body.  Mary described to Norma how she had squeezed his neck and strangled him, she said she had enjoyed it.When the police questioned Mary, she was still evasive, and admitted to nothing.  She refused to make a statement, and accused Norma of lying and trying to get her into trouble.  Mary was let go at first, but after additional information provided by Norma, she was brought back into the station, and finally admitted to being there when Brian was killed, but she pushed all the blame onto Norma for the murder.  Nonetheless, both of the girls were arrested and charged for the murder.Leading up to, and during the trial, much new evidence and information was found.  Just two days after Martin Brown was found dead, a nursery school in the area was broken into, and vandalized.  School and cleaning supplies were strewn about the room, and four disturbing notes were left behind.  The childishly scribbled notes were filled with profanity, but most unsettling, was the notes about murder, including one that started "We did murder Martin Brown...".  Another one said "I murder so that I may come back".  At the time, the police still assumed Martin's death was an accident, and wrote the notes off as a sick joke.  Mary would later admit to writing them for "a giggle".It also came out that Mary had been overheard by other children screaming "I am a murderer!", and pointing to the house where Brian was found, saying "that's where I killed".  Mary was known to tell tall tales, and her claims weren't taken seriously.  During her incarceration while awaiting trial, Mary made many strange comments to the women working as guards, including "I like hurting little things that can't fight back".  Mary's lack of emotions, unresponsiveness, and strange behaviour led psychiatrists to label her as psychopathic.When it comes down to "Why?", it is a hard question.  Mary acted alone in killing Martin Brown, and though both girls pinned the blame on each other for Brian Howe's death, Norma's story that Mary was the culprit seems more believable.  Yet, Norma returned with Mary to the crime scene, and helped to mark and mutilate Brian's body after death with a pair of scissors and a razor blade. Were Mary's actions a result of a little girl who was born psychopathic and emotionless?  or were her psychopathic actions a result of deep trauma?Mary was described as very manipulative, and intelligent.  She was known to be violent, and to lie often.  This violent streak began when she was still a toddler, family said, she would lash out at them and hit them.  In kindergarten, she had wrapped her hands around a classmate's throat and squeezed.  It's unthinkable to imagine a little girl with such violent rage.  When family members started to come forward about what Mary had endured in her young life, it started to make a little more sense as to how a young girl could turn into a violent and emotionless psychopath.When Mary was born, her mother Betty's response was "get that thing away from me!".  She was eager to drop Mary off with relatives whenever possible, and even once tried to give her to a woman who had been denied an adoption.  Betty's sister, who had followed Betty, managed to get Mary back from the woman.  Family member's say that Mary, at only 2 years old, started to become cold, detached, and withdrawn.  Other stories from family members came to light; Mary had watched her five year old friend get hit and killed by a bus.  Mary's mother was a prostitute.  Mary was frequently given intentional drug overdoses by her mother.  It is believed that Betty suffered from Munchausen By Proxy, or MSbP, where a caregiver intentionally harms a dependent, in order to get attention from themselves.  Betty loved the attention, and even lied to family members at one point that Mary had been run over by a truck and died.  Most tragic of all, Mary alleges that her mother prostituted her out, using her as a sex prop and allowing her to be sexually abused by Betty's clients.  While family members have not corroborated this particular allegation, if it is true, especially taking the other information into account, it could definitely help explain Mary's strange behaviour, and why she was so devoid of emotion.A Murderous Child Released... Mary Bell as an adult.Trial, Verdict, Sentencing & AftermathMary Bell and Norma Bell were both charged with two counts of manslaughter. Both girls testified during the trial, implicating each other in the crimes. It was noted, however, that the girls still seemed to have a strange bond between them. Court appointed psychologists testified that Mary displayed classic symptoms of psychopathy, and therefore was not completely coherent, nor responsible for her actions.On December 17th, 1968, the girls were give their verdicts. Norma was acquitted of all charges against her. Mary was convicted of manslaughter due to diminished responsibility, in due to the psychological assessment presented at trial. She was to be "detained at her majesty's pleasure", which is basically an indefinite sentence of imprisonment.Nearly nine years later, in 1977, Mary would briefly escape from the adult prison she had just been transferred to, but was quickly caught. Despite that, she was released from prison after serving just 12 years, in 1980. She was 23 years old. She was granted anonymity to start a new life, under a new name. Mary gave birth a daughter in 1984. There was great concern about whether or not Mary should be allowed to keep her child; after all, she had murdered two children. In the end, Mary was allowed to keep and raise her daughter. At one point, after "Cries Unheard" was published (see more below), and it was discovered that Mary Bell had been paid for telling her side of the story, there was a media uproar. Local law officials, who had been made aware of Mary's whereabouts, revealed Mary's local and indentity, and there was a large outcry from the local populace. Her daughter had not been aware of her mother's past. Mary went to court, and was granted lifelong anonymity for both her and her daughter.You Might Also Be Interested In...My other articles on Murderous Children:12 Year Old Jasmine Richardson murdered her parents, and 8-year old brother12 Year Old Cody Posey shot & killed his father, step-mother, and step-sister, and buried their bodies in a pile of manure12 Year Old Lionel Tate killed a 6 year old girl14 Year Old Joshua Phillips murdered his 8 year old neighbour, and hid her under his bed for a week15 Year Old Alyssa Bustamante brutally murderered a 9-year-old girlor the articles in my Parents Who Kill series:Elaine Campione drowned her two daughtersAlexandra Tobias murdered her infant son, when his crying interrupted her Facebook gameor my Unsolved Murders series;33 Year Old Alexandra Flanagan's Dismember Remains Found in Two Areas (Barrie, Ontario, 2007)Books About Mary Bell & Her Crimes...Cries Unheard: Why Children Kill: The Story of Mary BellThis book is no longer available new directly through Amazon, but is available new & used from other sellers on the site.Amazon Price: $65.27List Price: $26.00Case of Mary BellThis book is only available used through other sellers.Amazon Price: Children Who Kill: Profiles of Pre-teen and Teenage Killers (2003)Mary Bell is profiled in this book, among other children who kill.Amazon Price: $7.52List Price: $15.95Want To Know More About Mary Bell & Her Crimes?There are two books that have been written by one author specifically on Mary Bell, Gitta Sereny;The Case of Mary Bell - first printed in 1972, this book is longer in print.Cries Unheard: Why Children Kill, The Case of Mary Bell - released in the late 90's, this book is still in print as far as I know.There is also a third book about murderous children that profiles Mary Bell;Children Who Kill: Profiles of Pre-teen and Teenager Killers by Carol Ann DavisAlso: 5 Part Video Documentary Series on Mary Bell is posted below the 'Comments' Section.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome (2)Beautiful (1)Murderous Children: Murderous Children: 12 Year Old Cody Posey Shot His Dad, Step Mom & Step Sister & Buried Their Bodies in ManureMurderous Children: Murderous Children: 12 Year Old Jasmine Richardson & Her Boyfriend Murdered Her Parents & 8 Year Old BrotherComments3 Finger Reader7 weeks ago I'm a true crime fan myself, and while familiar with Mary Bell, the case continues to fascinate me. This is an excellent hub overall. The writing is clear, clean and expertly paced. I think you have gained a fan and follower. I'm on my iPhone right now so I cannot add you to my "follow" list tonight, but I will very soon.Seems like you and I have a lot in common. My hope is that we may become hub buddies.Julie / 3 Finger ReaderAntonia Monacelli6 weeks ago Hi Julie,Yes, it really is a fascinating case!  I only found out about it recently, and was shocked I had never heard of it before.  It's very hard for people to wrap their heads around a child being capable of doing such evil things.  The controversy about whether she was responsible for her actions at such a young age, especially considering what she went through in her childhood prior to the crimes, is also quite interesting.Thank you for your comment, I appreciate it.  We do seem to have a lot in common, and I hope we can become hub buddies too.jeffduff6 weeks ago Very well written hub on a disturbing topic.By the way, my wife may not be too thrilled if we become hub buddies. :)But, I will become a follower, anyhow.-- Jeff DuffAntonia Monacelli6 weeks ago Thanks Jeff.Haha, well you can let your wife know it would be purely platonic; I'm only interested in checking out your hubs ;)awoodog5 weeks ago That is quite a story, it really is hard to believe that a child could commit such a crime. We are starting to hear all too often about child violence. Thanks for writing about this.Wesman Todd Shaw5 weeks ago Great article!  I'd never heard of any of this.Antonia Monacelli5 weeks ago Thanks for both your comments!It is really hard to believe that children are capable of such violence.  I had not heard about it until recently either, the story really captured my attention.electricsky4 weeks ago Thanks for your comments.What a cold blooded young thing she was.  I wonder if she has changed as an adult?Antonia Monacelli4 weeks ago She has never re-offended, and she did raise a daughter without incident, so I guess that shows some sort of change?  I read recently that she is actually a grandmother now.  It's hard to imagine that someone so psychotic could have changed so much as an adult, but I guess it is possible!travel_man19712 weeks ago Children learn their adoptive behavior from the socio-environment they're dwelling. Acquired disruptive behavior and devoid of emotion are indications that those child are psychopaths that can endanger other normal kids. Well-detailed hub. Congratulations on your HubNugget nomination.nell792 weeks ago I remember watching this story on TV. They made it sound like it was a given that Mary's mother had prostituted her out from the age of 5, I believe. Interesting to hear more details about it here. It's a very upsetting story.Congrats on your HubNugget Nomination :)Pamela992 weeks ago It is always so hard to believe that children of that age are capable of such awful crimes.  Congrats on your Hubnugget nomination.megmccormick2 weeks ago Congrats on your HubNugget nomination and interesting topic. As a school psychologist I've worked with my fair share of young sociopaths and their parents. They are indeed the creation of their parents and as we are finding out more and more a genetic pre-disposition (again inherited from their parents). Sad sad stories.Rosie20102 weeks ago Hiya Antonia, Congratulations on having this hub on Mary Bell as a Hubnugget Nominee.  I was a very interesting read, to say the least.  A well-deserved nomination.  All the best to you.Happy Holidays,RosieAntonia Monacelli13 days ago Thank you everyone for your comments, and your congratulations on the Hubnugget nomination!  I was very surprised, but obviously happy to be nominated.Mary Bell is definitely a good example of the problem with juvenile offenders; when they commit a horrible "adult" crime, we want to treat them as adults.  It's easier to lock them up and forget about then, then it is to dig deeper and found out what could have caused them to become a killer. Yet, in most cases, there is more to the story than that; psychological problems that are born from trauma, pain and abuse that they've had to endure.  We are then faced with a question that has no one right answer for every case; do we hold them accountable as adults, assume that even with rehabilitation they are too risky to allow back in society?  After all, if they could do some horrible things as a child, what would they be capable of as adults?  or do we recognize that they are still children, who have often had traumatic childhoods, and give them a lighter sentence, and counseling, and hope that they will not kill again?oceansnsunsets3 days ago Wow, what a sad and crazy story.  Very horrifying and heartbreaking. Hopefully something can be learned from it, and help people in the future.Antonia Monacelli20 hours ago Thanks for your comment oceansnsunsets.  Yes, it is sad and crazy.  I think it will probably be a case that is studied by child psychologists for years to come, and hopefully they are learning from it.  Hopefully this tragic story can at least bring them some insight into the circumstances that can turn a child into a dangerous predator.  It might also help them learn how to help other children in the future, and what the best course or rehabilitation for other children from similar childhood circumstances might benefit from.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesDocumentary On Mary Bell & Her Crimes - Part OneThe Mary Bell Case: Part TwoThe Mary Bell Case: Part ThreeThe Mary Bell Case: Part FourThe Mary Bell Case: Part Five95Antonia MonacelliFrom Ontario, Canada29 Followers20 HubsJoined 2 months agoRead more hubs by Antonia MonacelliContact Antonia MonacelliFollow Antonia MonacelliSubscribe to Antonia Monacelli's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Antonia Monacelli a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsThe difference between Murder and Man-Slaughter? (sorry it's a depressing Q)asked by Lady_E 7 months ago10 answersAnswer this questionhi i need some help. my husband was abusing narcotics for about 1 1/2 years when he finally...asked by Amandawinc 12 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsWorld's Youngest Serial Killerby mr williamsMurderous Children: 14 Year Old Joshua Phillips Murdered...by Antonia MonacelliDetective's Cold Case: Camilla "Cam" Lymanby AquaMurderous Children: 12 Year Old Lionel Tate Killed a 6 Year...by Antonia MonacelliFamous Serial Killers - Jeffery Lionel Dahmerby crazyhorsesghostBrain Injury in Serial Killersby Pennie Packard Crime and Law Enforcement ForumTopicRepliesWhy are police working for revenue and not stopping crimes?posted by L a d y f a c e7Would you be willing to share your knowledge of gangs?posted by blondey5I keep getting Unfunny Phone call,Should I take a legal action.posted by 123chri1233Post a new topic86 more topics Tagsengland murder child abuse sexual abuse documentary prostitution Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.737 sec)  working