Tea Party Border Rally :  Part One.HubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesUnited States PoliticsTea Party Border Rally :  Part One.Tea Party Border Rally :  Part One.69rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Ghost32Jonathan Paton Vs. Jesse KellyToday (Sunday, Aug. 15, 2010) we all gathered on the Arizona/Mexico border for the Tea Party Border Rally, the first large political rally I'd attended since the John McCain / Sarah Palin event last March in Tucson.Jonathan Paton, seeking the Republican nomination in CD8 and the right to oust Democrat "Green Gabrielle Giffords" from the U.S. House of Representatives, was the very first speaker. Guess what?Paton is an extremely powerful speaker. Having met him (we shook hands and spoke briefly prior to the start of festivities) and listened to what he can do behind a mike, I've lost all reservations about voting for Jonathan in the primary election on August 24. Yep. Brian Miller got it right.Jonathan Paton is the only candidate remaining in the race who can defeat Gabreille Giffords. Train Wreck Kelly (aka Jesse Kelly) was highly conspicuous also...by his absence. Now, I'm already his sworn political enemy, so sure, I'm highly biased, but still, it made me wonder.1. Why wasn't Kelly there? He could have been on the program if he'd wanted--as evidenced by the fact that every Republican candidate in the CD7 primary gave a pitch to the crowd. There would seem to be only two likely possibilities--either he didn't want to be, or he couldn't be. Somehow (being, as I said, highly biased) I doubt the latter.2. Was he (Kelly) afraid he'd be exposed? I know he can't handle the high heat. Was he ducking us Tea Partiers? He has the Douglas (AZ) Tea Party endorsement, but did he feel danger in the air? Enquiring bloggers want to know.3. Or is he simply overconfident, i.e. arrogant? Does he feel he's ahead, that he's got a lock on the nomination, and that he doesn't need the hardcore conservatives after all--that is, could he be already moving toward the center? Okay, there was a table there with his sign hanging on it--along with signs for a dozen other candidates in other races. Maybe he just figured that was enough.  See all 16 photosJonathan Paton speaking to the crowd.The Border Fence RealityHow hot was it out there? Hot enough that mist-spraying bottles and shade-producing canopies of all sorts were much in evidence. More importantly, how much solid information was I able to acquire for the purpose of passing it on to You the Reader? Answer: Much, much more than could be encapsulated in a single hub. So, let's simply tackle a few aspects of the Border Rally, hub by hub, and we'll be done when we're done.For now: The dang fence!Truthfully, one section of tall, rugged-looking border fence is complete right in back of where the rally was staged. It looks pretty danged good, even better since thousands of little American flags have been fastened to that fence with brief notes identifying the many who've donated all those expressions of patriotism. Even my posing for a photo in front of that fence couldn't make it look bad.Ah, but if you meander on down to the left, off the high ground and toward the San Pedro River as it flows into the United States from Mexico, a legal immigrant in its own right, the scene changes. The towering human-impeding double fence becomes a sort of XX (think Government double cross) of heavy steel beams capable of bothering a wheeled vehicle but no problem whatsoever for a man or woman on foot. And after that...oh, no they didn't!That's right. They didn't. They didn't figure out a way to stop foot traffic at the river. It gets worse as you cross the nearly dry San Pedro riverbed... where nothing but three none-too-tight strands of barbed wire mark the line between Mexico and Arizona.Really. No, no, no, I'm not kidding.Then as you climb out of the riverbed on the other side, magic happens. Not only barbed wire, but (here comes the sarcasm) big, beautiful boulders block the way. Then more XX steel. Then a tall single fence of, basically, mesh. My friend who accompanied me on this photo jaunt admitted that he might have a little trouble climbing that fence."No, you wouldn't," I replied. "All you do is go down to your nearest Mexican feed-and-seed store. Buy a pair of hayhooks. The sharp, curved tips will hook right into that mesh. Give me a couple of hayhooks, and I'll go over that fence in sixty seconds flat."That determined illegal immigrants do it barehanded on a regular basis, I do not doubt. Even my posing for a photo in front of the fence couldn't spoil the effect.Moving from the anti-people fence to the supposedly anti-vehicle XX Government double-cross fence.Not even the double-cross now, just the top of the barbed wire fence's T-post nearly hidden in the grass.  Those trees, by the way, are in Mexico.Down into the riverbed, staring at the sun through the canopy of overhead foliage, protected from the spying eye of the Border Patrol helicopter......although it does what it can.Welcome, oh welcome, ye invading hordes of Genghis Khan--well, of Felipe Calderon, anyway!  We've left the door wide open!  Please invade us!Is it just me, or does that one boulder actually look a bit like a giant reticulated python?  Or, (duh) a rock python....Ah, the awesome mesh fence.  Now, where did I put those hayhooks...?  Of course you could just walk around the end of it, but where's the fun in that?Worldwide Media CoverageOh, you betcha the media was there. In force. Undercover mostly (meaning no insignia displayed), and they also mostly pulled up stakes as soon as the most exciting speaker (to them, at any rate) had finished. But they were there, all right.And not just from these United States of America.The emcee mentioned that news crews were on site from both England and Germany. It looks like Arizona, the SB 1070 anti-illegal immigration law, and the Border War have truly drawn attention well outside of the Americas. As it happened, I became aware of an attractive freelance journalist who was filming and interviewing intensively. Over the course of the day, she took my picture and I took hers. She interviewed me briefly and I--well, not interviewed her exactly, but found out she was from Paris. No kidding, folks.True, she only smiled when I expressed mock astonishment that she could stand being in the company of so many Ugly Americans, but I believed her. Guys will always believe pretty girls. It's a Law of Nature. The journalist from Paris--what, you don't believe me?  You think I was just trolling for beautiful women?  Okay, okay, busted, but wait, wait--See?  See?  She really DOES have a big Nikon camcorder with an external microphone and everything!  Okay?And...she actually does use it!Law EnforcementFor the final segment of this first Tea Party Border Rally hub, how about a bit on law enforcement? There was Cochise County Sheriff Larry Dever, a man I've been wanting to meet (and did, after he spoke). This page is already getting "long enough", so we'll just mention one key fact: He and his deputies--in just this one Arizona county--are responsible for law enforcement along 83.5 miles of Mexican border.Uh huh. That's eighty-three and one half miles. Of. Border. How would you like that job? But the star of the show was unmistakeable: Sheriff Joe Arpaio of Maricopa County, widely loved and deeply hated and carrying a price of one million dollars on his head (placed there by the Juarez drug cartel). Fortunately, it was the love side of that equation we all saw today at the rally. The applause was thunderous when he took the stage, accompanied by (duh!) a standing ovation. It's not just his hardline stand against illegal immigrants and other criminals that pushes Sheriff Joe (as he's known throughout the state and beyond) to the forefront of the SB 1070 controversy. He also has a way with words. He mentioned that once, when still a young deputy, he had a finger shot off and was also shot through the chest. Referring to the liberal haters who regard him as the unfeeling spawn of Satan, he expressed thanks:"If I'd had a heart that day, I'd have been dead."How do you top that?One way: Two people flew all the way from Maui, Hawaii, specifically to:1. Meet Sheriff Joe, and2. Greet him with an "Aloha" and place a Hawaiian lei about his neck.That actually, it seemed, made Sheriff Joe a bit bashful and nervous. But he fired right back up when the emcee pointed out,"Joe, you know how the media is going to spin this. They're going to report that Sheriff Joe went to the Border Rally and got laid."The Sheriff promised to sue 'em if they did. He would, too. Cochise County Sheriff Larry Dever, covering 83.5 miles of Mexican border.Sheriff Joe getting lei-ed at the rally.Meanwhile, Back In Mexico....That's about it for tonight, folks. We'll close with a final photo. It's blurry because the subjects were quite some distance from the rally site and the telephoto lens on my digital camera is...um...cheap. Even so, it's worth including. By the time the Tea Party Border Rally was in full swing, we had observers on the Mexican side. On the nearest ridge on the other side of the fence, tucked in among the trees, Mexicans had begun to gather, watching us watching them. Whether they were waiting for us to leave so they might have better chances at sneaking across the border, or whether they were just curious about those crazy gringos, who knows. Just above the fenceline, two Mexicans--can you spot 'em?  You can?  Okay, now...where's Waldo?Plus...Donald!Hah! Thought you escaped this one, didn't you, Donald?For those of you scratching your heads, Donald is a newfound friend who's been commenting on my hubs recently. We happened to meet face to face at the Border Rally today, doncha know?The rest of you get to meet him too, now, since hegave mepermission to print his photo.Which is a good thing, him being such a handsome fellow.Sorry, girls--I forgot to ask him if he's single or attached at the hip toa wife for life. One thing I do know, though: Like the rest of us at today's rally, he cares about taking back America.Remember in November. Donald, my friend and a patriot who cares about taking back America.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny Awesome Beautiful (1) Brian Miller Vs Gabrielle Giffords: The Huge Interest In Brian Miller For Congress Brian Miller Vs Gabrielle Giffords: Jonathan Paton Vs. Jesse Kelly : Down On The BorderCommentsDonald4 months ago WOW!Yet another very well written page (until you ruined it with my mug shot). Word has it over 500 people were there. I know I had a great time and just happened to chance a meet up with the man who has quite a fan following on Hub Pages.Yes I am attached (for any wanting to know), and am thinking of starting my own Hub Blog. I met up with some great people at the event, all with the same interest as me.We all know what the left claims of the Tea Party events, but t the credit, I never saw one racist sign, I didn't hear one racist chant or comment and everyone took their trash with them when they left.Thanks for the great article I await more."Donald"sheila b.4 months ago When I read about this rally taking place, I wondered if you'd be there and write about it. So glad for the info and the photos. Thanks.pcoach4 months ago I've been waiting since last week for this hub. It was neat to see it covered on TV and then NOW, by you. You gotta love Sheriff Joe.  I am happy to hear it was a success and your photos of the fence and river area, well, it really says everything, doesn't it?Great hub! Thank you for going to the rally in that terrible heat in the middle of the desert to report it to us. Thumbs up!TheManWithNoPants4 months ago Dang, I wish I could have been there.  Still in Texas for about two more weeks.Great coverage in both pictures and words Ghost32.jimDonald Duck4 months ago Ghost, I understand you have an axe to grind with Kelly and that's fine, it's your blog.  But I saw some of Kelly's volunteers yesterday and asked why Kelly wasn't there.  They told me since the campaign started, Kelly takes Sunday to be with his family and attend church, etc.  I have zero problem with that.  I was there yesterday and heard Paton say the same thing I have heard him say elsewhere.  What really impressed me about yesterday was seeing people come from all over the US of A and the diverse media.  Sheriff Joe, of course, is one of my heroes.  I especially liked Pamela Gorman as well.  There's just something about seeing an attractive woman toting a pistol.Ghost324 months ago Thanks for the comments, folks.Donald Duck, thanks for letting us know the reason for Kelly's absence.  I was hoping someone would fill in the blanks on that one, and it's appreciated.  Sheriff Joe, you betcha; it wasn't long after his time on stage that camera crews began pulling up stakes.  He's like the bull riding event on the rodeo circuit (which is why the bull riding is always the last event, so half the audience won't leave before stuff like team roping, etc.).And I agree with you completely about Pamela Gorman as well.  Of course, I'm married to a Pamela myself, and yeah, she can shoot...:)Jim, I'm pretty sure you can find enough trouble in Texas until you can get back this way....pcoach, I hate to admit it, but I've yet to catch the TV version of the rally.  Hope it was awesome!Donald, I do appreciate your mentioning the absolute lack of racist signs or chants plus the fact that we as a group did haul out our own trash when we left.On a coming hub--however it goes--I'll be covering that in more detail, including the talks by Janet Contreras (now THERE's a pistol!) and Jesse Hernandez.Wealthmadehealthy4 months ago This was a truly good hub...What amazes me thoroughly is that it was only rated a 58?????   this is original content and should have been rated higher...plus with original pics as well...  As far as Sheriff Joe, got a lot of cahones if he has a bounty that big on his head to show up....Kudos to him for getting "lei=ed"   Sounds like the border is still not secure and who knows what those illegals are bringing in...Here tell from somewhere they are bringing in parts to nuclear weapons....but does the gvt give a rats A??   I guess they would rather see us all blown to smithereens....Get that border secure!!!     AWESOME HUB GHOST!!!Ghost324 months ago Not to worry about the 58.  My hubs usually start out around 49-50, may actually dip a few points for a day or two, then start slowly rising.  After peaking (every peak is different), they'll slowly settle back down to some sort of balance point.  If views drop off to zero per day, they may finally come to rest between 50 and 65 points.  No big.I don't know if the bad guys have brought in any nuclear weapons parts or not, but they sure as Hell HAVE brought in a whole bunch of bad guys.I do have a lot more material for sequel hubs on this rally but have decided to postpone them until after our Arizona Republican primary on August 24.  Constitutional conservative Jim Deakin has just 7 days left to convince voters to help him knock Senator John McCain out of the box, and I need to focus on supporting that nonstop effort.Wealthmadehealthy4 months ago You are doing a great job!!!!Ghost324 months ago Thanks.American Tiger4 months ago Dang it, Ghost! Just when I thought I knew most of the great Conservative voices here on the Hubs, you go and introduce me to half a dozen more! I may never get to sleep.Voted up and rated Awesome.Ghost324 months ago Sorry, Tiger.  Just can't help myself.Appreciate the "Button Support", too! :)Now, if we can just help you get the right Angle on Reid.... (Took a quick look at your profile.)  Wife and I lived briefly in Reno.  Married one of my exes there.And did a Tony Robbins firewalk in Philadelphia....Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Ghost32From Hereford, Arizona731 Followers574 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Ghost32Contact Ghost32Follow Ghost32Subscribe to Ghost32's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Ghost32 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsWill Sarah Palin be the next President of the U.S?asked by mtalbot2987 3 days ago9 answersAnswer this questionAre you going to attend a TEA Party (Taxed Enough Already) on July 4, 2009? If so, why or why not?asked by newscreatorusa 19 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsJim Deakin And The Tea Party Border Rally : SYNERGY!!by Ghost32Tax Protests and Tea Parties - An American Traditionby ChuckBrian Miller Vs. Gabrielle Giffords : One Thousand Viewsby Ghost32The Tea Party : Impact Vs. Durabilityby Ghost32The Lame Duck Bowl Games : Tea Party Scoresby Ghost32Welcome To The Tea Party!by Ghost32 United States Politics ForumTopicRepliesRumor: Michele Bachmann considering White House bid posted by I am DB Cooper101"Sources: JOHN EDWARDS' engagement rumors false": MSNBCposted by fishskinfreak20080Sen. McCain Needs to Retire. What Do You Think?posted by Paul Wingert20Post a new topic450 more topics Tagssarah palin john mccain tea party illegal immigrants sb 1070 sheriff joe arpaio Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.532 sec)  working