Control Your EmotionsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsHealthMental HealthEmotionsControl Your EmotionsControl Your Emotions69rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy jagged81Learn to Control your Emotions Learninghow to control your emotions is easier said then done. Depression, anxiety,fear, anger or a constant impulse to worry about everything can often take overyour emotions, leaving you feeling sad and out of control. There is helpthough; you can control your emotions. You just have to know how to do it. Withsome time and pre-planning, this can be accomplished. Learning to control youremotions will not be easy and it will take time. Noticing your emotions and the triggers is one of the first and most importantsteps to take when trying to control your emotions. Think about what sets youoff making you not able to control your emotions. Some of the most commontriggers that make lose the ability to control your emotions can be:  Our personal finances Our friends and all their problems Our children The house or neighborhood you live in The clothes you wear The car you drive Your job or your bossNow sit back and think about it because I am sure these sound pretty familiar.Im sure at least one of these make you not able to control your emotions andmore then likely is a combination of a few of them or even a combination ofthem all. When you combine any of these it makes you feel like you cantcontrol your emotions like you want to. If youre not sure what sets you offthen start by keeping a journal so you can figure out what exactly makes youlose the ability to control your emotions so you can learn to control youremotions. Im sure there is more then one thing which is why keeping a journalis the perfect idea to control your emotions. Start with writing downeverything that you have done so you can learn to control your emotions. Youshould do this throughout the day and not at the end. If you wait till the endthen you might forget a key event that triggered your emotions and then itwont help you at all. Carry the journal with your other items; in your purseor a briefcase this way you can see what leads up to you not being able tocontrol your emotions so you can start to learn how to control your emotionsonce and for all. Once you learn to control your emotions, you will startfeeling like a different and better person. The new you can be right around thecorner once you learn to control your emotions, its your time to grab it whileyou can.  Control your emotionsThe Emotion of Anger See all 5 photosControl your emotions, anger can be deadly.Control your emotions that drive angerThe Emotion of Depression Depression really can feel like you are trapped inside of yourself and your circumstances.  Control your emotions by taking the focus off of self and on to other people.Control your emotions through the food you eat.Taking control of your emotionsNowthat you know what gets your emotions up, its time to start learning how tokeep these emotions away. This is the time you start to control your emotions.You know what triggers your emotions, so when your trigger starts to happen,you need to remove yourself from the situation. If its your friends layingtheir problems out for you, stop them mid sentence and tell them you cant dealwith their problems right now. Let them know you are trying to control youremotions and you cant help them right now. If its the finances, then take abreak. If its work, then you need to try and find ways to relieve your stresswhile your there. If you dont find a way out, then you wont be able tocontrol your emotions. Find something that calms you down and take breaks whenyou cant avoid the situation all together. This is the one key when trying tocontrol your emotions. After you have had a nice short break, then you can headback to the job feeling like you can control your emotions better. These breaksdont have to be long; just a few minutes can help calm you down so you canhead back to dealing with the triggers and start to control your emotions.These are just some examples that you can use to control your emotions. Ofcourse, you need to figure out some of your own ways to control your emotionsdepending on what the triggers were.Be Quiet! First step to Control your emotionsOne of the first things you need to do to control your emotions is to startsetting aside quiet time for yourself. Lets face it; life can be stressful nomatter what you do especially when you trying to control your emotions. Sostart setting aside some time where its quiet. It doesnt matter where you goor what you do, just make sure its all about you. If you have kids, then makeit when the kids go to bed. Place the kids in bed and tell your spouse tolisten for them for the next hour. Let your spouse know that you areoverwhelmed and you need a break so you can try and control your emotions. Gorun a warm bubble bath and enjoy the quiet. If you enjoy reading, then take abook in there with you. Reading can be a great way to lower stress and controlyour emotions. Take that one hour each night though no matter what has happenedthat day. If the bathroom isnt a good idea then find another spot in the houseor even outside where you can get away from everything. If you like animals,then take some bread and head to the local park. Sit on the park bench and feedthe animals which will help you control your emotions. Animals can have a verycalming effect on people if you can make the time to sit back and enjoy whatnature has to offer you. Of course you need to actually like nature or youwont be able to control your emotions this way. No computer, no cell phone, nobank account and no arguing kids. Just let your mind drift away and think abouthappy things. Make sure you try and think about happy things though, dont sitthere and dwell on the negative or else you will just see that you cantcontrol your emotions as well as you would like to. In order to fully controlyour emotions you need to focus on positives. This could be any type ofpositive thoughts you would like, maybe its a vacation you recently went on ora party you went to last week. Think about something positive in your life andyou will control your emotions a lot better then you think.The Emotion of Anxiety Anxiety can be tricky when trying to control your emotions.Different types of anxiety and how to control these emotionsThe Emotion of Fear Never fear to control your emotions.Learn to control fearThe Emotion of worry Worry warts tend to develop when you can't control your emotions.Don't worry.....Control your emotionsMeditation to control your emotionsMeditation can be a great way tocontrol your emotions. Start off with taking a class one night a week. Enlistin a spouse or a friend to watch your kids if you have them. No matter whatyour schedule is, dont plan anything during your meditation class. Once youlearn how to meditate properly, you can stop going to the class and start tomeditate yourself. If you happen to really enjoy the class, then keep going.Sometimes the class offers better meditation time then doing it yourself athome making you able to control your emotions better. The classroom setting isoften quiet or they have relaxing soft music playing in the background. Leteveryone know when your class is and tell them you will not be available tohandle anyones problems because you are learning to control your emotions.Leave your cell phone in the car and dont check it the second you get out ofclass. Wait until you get home and then check for any missed calls. Ifsomething starts to trigger your emotions, practice some of the things that youlearned during class time to help you control your emotions. If youre havingan extra hard week then drop in on another class. Lots of places offer scheduledmeditation time as well as drop in times, for people who need a little extrahelp learning to control your emotions. Check into the times at your local gymor fitness center to help you control your emotions.Yoga for the soul to help control your emotionsYoga is another great way to relieve stress and learn to control your emotions.You can start by taking a yoga class so you can first learn how to stretch, howto breathe and finally the right way to do yoga. People think because they haveseen yoga done before that they know how to do it. They grab a yoga mat andstart stretching only to find out that yoga is not helping them and itsactually making things worse. If you do yoga wrong then you will not helpyourself when trying to control your emotions, you will see that youre onlyadding to the problem. Thats because you have to know how to do yoga theproper way. So take a class and learn the right ways to do yoga. Once you havelearned how to do yoga, you can then take your yoga mat and do yoga anywherethat you want and it will really help you control your emotions. If you enjoyoutdoors, then plan quiet time outside when the weather is nice and breezy. Ifyou enjoy animals, then you can take your yoga mat out to the park and practiceyour yoga with Mother Nature running around. If you prefer to be with thegroup, then stay with the class. You will find lots of places actually do theiryoga outside because Mother Nature has a nice calming effect making it easierto control your emotions. You might even find a few places that go on special tripsaround the city showing you where all the nice calming place outside arelocated at. Visualize and control your emotionsVisualization is nice way to control your emotions when youre out in asituation where you cant leave the situation behind or go take a break. Itcould be time at work or in a special meeting. During these times you reallycant excuse yourself and grab your yoga mat. Thats where visualization canhelp you control your emotions. You can either carry a calming picture with youto focus on or you can find something thats in the same room as you and justfocus on that item for a while. Ignore everything that is happening around youand stare at that object. It could be a nice painting on the wall or a photo.Imagine yourself there in that painting and let all the fear and anger passthrough you. This will take some effort and concentration at first to learn howto ignore the things that are going on around you, but after you have had somepractice you will be able to do this without any problems. You will start learninghow to control your emotions in a matter of seconds with visualization. Haveyou recently gone on a nice calming vacation? Carry a snapshot of that vacationaround with you, so when you having problems you can stare at that picture andthink about all the fun you had. Picture your favorite time during thatvacation and pretend that your really there once again. Think about everythingyou did during that vacation. If it was at the beach, picture the sand betweenyour toes, the sun shining down on you, that little umbrella drink in yourhand. It doesnt matter where you were you just need to picture that place inyour head and go back there. Learning to control your emotions withvisualization will help ease your mind leaving you to feel like your more in controlof your emotions. Control your emotions by taking a walk.Walking can be a nice way to feel better about yourself as well as a nice wayto control your emotions. If you feel yourself getting stressed out, angry,depressed or another emotion that you cant control you should try and head outsidefor a nice walk. Making your body feel good from the inside out will help youcontrol your emotions. This is a nice way to get them outside instead of beingbottled up inside yourself. Walking will help your blood flow better, heartrate pump better and in turn make your emotions seem like they are not such abig deal as you once thought that they were. Walking can also help you loseweight which could be another key factor in the reason why you cant controlyour emotions. Taking a nice walk will help you get complete control over youremotions.Control your emotions with patients and goal setting.The next thing that you need to know when youre trying to control youremotions is patients. Youre not going to learn how to control your emotionsover night. Its going to take some time and a lot of effort so you shouldnttry and rush things. Take one day at a time and you will slowly notice adifference. If you try and rush things then you will only notice that thingswill stop and you will not be able to control your emotions. You will find thatby trying to rush things that you only get more stressed. Start setting goals in your life so you know what youre working towards. Ifyou have a path to follow, then your emotions will seem a little easier to dealwith. You wont be able to deal with the emotions if you dont know what youredoing next. Sit down for a while and grab some paper and map out what you wantto accomplish. It could be goals at work, goals with your friends or goals withyour kids just to name a few. It doesnt matter what the goals are just writethem down and set a plan on how youre going to get there so you can controlyour emotions better. For example, if its work goals, maybe you would writedown something like Im going to try for a promotion. Then you would writedown steps to that goal:1. Stop being late for work2. Sign up for extra over time, so they know Im making an effort3. Stay after work late without complainingDoing your goals like this will help you remember what youre working toward andwhy youre trying to learn to control your emotions. If its your finances thatstress you out then you need to start deleting some of them. Set goals for themas well. Pick your smallest debt and start working on it so you can controlyour emotions. It doesnt matter if you can only afford to place a few dollarson the debt at a time. It will eventually go away and while youre paying on ityou will see how much better you start to feel since you are lowering theamount of stress on yourself which makes you control your emotions better.People often get overwhelmed with their debt because they have so manydifferent places to pay. Picking one at a time is your best option. You can seethe balance come down faster this way and you will know that you are finallygetting somewhere. When you get the first one paid off, you will find that youcan control your emotions a lot better. If its your kids that stress you outthen you should change that as well so you can control your emotions. Yourealways going to have some sort of stress, especially if you have children, butyou can limit it. Set goals for your kids as well and talk with them aboutthese goals. Offer rewards for meeting the goals and punishments for notmeeting these goals, depending on what they might be. Schedules are also agreat way to help kids stay on track. Placing your child on a tight schedulewill help lower the amount of stress you have, making it easier to control youremotions. It doesnt matter what the problems might be, they can be fixed. Noproblem is too big to be fixed. Once you slowly find goals and start followingthem, you will see you can control your emotions a lot better because you havelowered the amount of stress in your life.Let your emotions get to you in order help control your emotions.Sometimes when you find you cant control your emotions, you just have tofinally give in. Go outside and let yourself have a good cry. There is nothingwrong with letting your emotions get the best of you sometimes and you willfind by releasing the built up energy can often feel rewarding. Lettingyourself cry once in a while will actually help you control your emotionsbetter then you think they will. When youre crying or just being upset, tellyourself that you will only cry for 5 minutes so you dont lose the ability tocontrol your emotions. When those 5 minutes are over, then you need to stopcrying. Dont let the crying take over, you need to be in complete control ofthe crying so you can control your emotions. Once youre done crying you willfeel a lot better and it might actually surprise you that you can control youremotions. If you feel like screaming instead of crying, then spend a minute ortwo screaming. Screaming will help you control your emotions. We spend so muchtime trying to fight our emotions, that we forget to just give in sometimes andin turn it will help you control your emotions. Letting go of your emotionswill actually help control your emotions. It probably doesnt seem like a goodsolution, but it will actually help you control your emotions. You just cantgive into them all the time or it will feel like you actually cant control youemotions. So make sure you only lose the ability to control your emotions oncein a while. The other times you need to practice some of the tips that werementioned above. Losing control should only happen sometimes and you have to bein complete control of your emotions when you do this. Set a watch or a timerso you can stop when its time to let go of being able to control your emotions.Following these tips should help you control your emotions. You just have toremember that it will take a lot of patients, time and self control in order toaccomplish all of your goals and ability to fully control your emotions.Learning to control your emotions will not happen over night, just have somepatients and you will find that you can probably control your emotions a lotbetter then you think you can. vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Free Anger Management: Free Anger ManagementCommentswaystodos5 weeks ago i like your informative hubs very much!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites87jagged81From New Mexico31 Followers25 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by jagged81Contact jagged81Follow jagged81Subscribe to jagged81's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk jagged81 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsIn a nutshell, how do I get myself to want to turn my life around, and then do it?asked by cross-me-out 13 months ago3 answersAnswer this questionShould Debbie Simpson, the woman who is purposely trying to become the world's fattest woman...asked by Bel Marshall 9 days ago6 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThoughts, Feelings and Actionsby kimh039Dealing With Your Emotional Painby Lisa HWLetting Go With Grace - Learn How To Let Go of Jealousy,...by Changed My MindHow do I get my father to admit he is suffering from...by Lisa HWEmotions-Good Ones, Bad Ones and Whyby ddsurfscaAnger Management Activitiesby jagged81 Emotions ForumTopicRepliesStruggling with emotionsposted by schoolgirlforreal9Emotional Eatingposted by comshop6Struggling with Resentment posted by Rafini92Post a new topic12 more topics Tagsadvice how to depression happiness freedom anxiety Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.174 sec)  working