Crop failure impels Indian farmer suicides // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 205Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 07, 2011| 22 commentsCrop failure impels Indian farmer suicidessource: http://seeddaily.com/reports/Crop_failure_impels_farmers_suicides_999.htmAn error occurred while setting up video display.JanforGore added thisAs more crops fail in India, the rate of suicides among farmers is climbing.More than 17,368 Indian farmers killed themselves in 2009, the worst figure for farm suicides in six years, data from the National Crime Records Bureau indicate.The suicides increased by 1,172 over the 2008 count of 16,196, bringing the total farm suicides since 1997 to 216,500."Poverty has assaulted rural India," journalist Palagummi Sainath, an expert on rural poverty in India, told Britain's The Independent newspaper. "Farmers who used to be able to send their children to college now can't send them to school."Nearly all of the bereaved families of those who have committed suicide, he said, had problems with debts and land loss due to failing crops.While the causes of poverty are complex, Sainath points to the long-term collapse of markets for farmers' produce. The price of cotton, for example, is 1-12th of the amount it was 30 years ago, in real terms. About half of the suicides are occurring in the four states of the country's Cotton Belt.Vandana Shiva, a scientist-turned-activist, notes that the problem of farmer suicides started in 1997 when the Indian government removed cotton subsidies and genetically modified varieties of cotton were also introduced."Every suicide can be linked to Monsanto," Shiva told The Independent, saying that the biotech firm's modified Bt Cotton caused crop failure and poverty because it requires the use of pesticide and fertilizers.India's increasingly erratic climate is taking a toll on Indian farmers as well.In the past, farmers could prepare for droughts when they came every four years or so. Rajasthan, in northwestern India, only emerged from a 10-year drought this summer. And monsoons, which used to arrive once a year, have failed three times in the last 10 years across much of the country.M.S. Swaminathan, chairman of the National Commission on Farmers, has called for a restructuring of the country's policies to help agriculture, saying the sector is entering a state of serious crisis, The Hindu newspaper reports.Noting that 45 percent farmers in a national survey said they want to quit farming, Swaminathan said farming has become nonviable. "Unless we revitalize farming and make our farmers enthusiastic, it is difficult to feed 1 billion people and 1 billion farm animals. It is going to be a difficult period."groups:News, Green, Women, Sustainable Agriculture, Water Is Life, Earth Care, Endangered Earth 3 moretags:Environment,Climate Change,India,Poverty,Ethics,Monsanto,Humanity,Drought,Monsanto is evil,Cotton,Bt cotton,farmer suicides 8 more|22 comments// Crop failure impels Indian farmer suicides // Videohide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0GoodGodGuyLet's see.  Monsanto + Government = Death.  When are we going to stand up to these guys. 1 day agoflag  reply+1simhai wish ,the so called rich people,whose name is in ford and other list do something for these people who cannot even feed one daily meal. They claim India is rapidly growing,in what direction.The gap between the rich and poor is too much. People are nothing but selfish,only want to fill their bags,But they want foriegners to come and lift them up.Lot of people have too much hidden wealth that could help another India.Shame on them,in 60 years of independence they have become so currupt.People sold and gave away everything they had to get the Independence ,so these people could step on one another and accumulate? Blame foriegn companies. They should clean up their plates before blaming somebody.No wonder people go out to other countries.This should not have happenned if thing went right after freedom stuggle and  that too after  so many great people gave their whole life.Why they are not conducting studies on social aspects leading to this situation and do something that would help the formers rather than blaming BT companies.We do not even care for our own brothers and sisters who are dying with out food.What about those celebrities who get fame becoz of common people,why their pictures not attached next to these hungry children.What is their contribution to the nation.News papers make money telling people that they were in london,the next day in parris.A day will soon come  when people will butcher each other in streets just for food. 1 day agoflag  reply0JanforGore  simha:I couldn't agree with you more. The spirit of Gandhi has been forgotten by those now intent on taking it all for themselves at any cost. The struggles of independence have led them to becoming the same as those they rightfully fought against as has also happened in America and in so many other countries looking for "progress." Greed and the desire to seek so much wealth that it clouds the senses, reason and hearts of humans has done nothing to progress us towards a better future. It is the land and water that are our future. These suicides are indicative of a much deeper problem that is not being dealt with and is a common thread in other areas of the world as well. The victory in India in turning back BT eggplant just last year was also a call for moral justice and food sovereignty and does give me some hope that those who still possess the spirit of Gandhi and Satyagraha will become even stronger, as does the work of Dr. Shiva and those who know the true worth of our planet. Our survival now depends on us never letting that voice die out. 1 day agoflag  reply-1ozoneoceanActually poor farmers in India have been doing that for a very long time now. It's mainly economic conditions and extended droughts that have been the problem, as well as a *suicide culture that has developed over time (*copycat behaviour, as seen with people who "cut", or popular suicide spots). The farmer suicides have a number of causes that have conflated- simplifying the situation and using as a stick to beat Monsanto is not that honest!I am against the spread of genetically modified crops too, but I would not use things like this to further my argument. 1 day agoflag  reply0JanforGore  ozoneocean:http://soil.anClimate change is definitely a factor as are other multinationals like Coca Cola draining and polluting waterways which is why I placed the other video here. I didn't just blame Monsanto, but they are indeed a great part of the spike in these suicides taking place in recent years. It was climate change that brought the prolonged drought and now the unpredictable monsoons that were once predictable, which brings the suicides in line with LIES told to these farmers that these BT seeds would counter the drought and even give them bigger yields. These people were taken advantage of and deliberately lied to by a multinational company that knew from the beginning that more than likely they would see no negligable increase in anything. And even those who may well have seen a bit of an increase now have to deal with pests becoming resistant to the chemicals, which means- you guessed it, more imputs and more damage ultimately to their soil. Yet Monsanto took their money for the seeds, pesticides and other imputs which many went into great debt to buy thinking they could repay it when their "big yield" came and made them sign contracts that they did not even understand but were told they could trust which also includes no recourse due to "patent rights."  Now, you can say suicides are common, but that in no way negates the added factors these farmers are dealing with that are now spiking them. I suppose for some it is hard to understand the mindset of doing this when everything you work for is taken from you and when you see your livestock die from eating the very plants you were hoping to use to pay your debts realizing this is now something that will only get worse. 1 day agoflag  reply0artemis6So awful . How do monsanto's employees sleep at night ? 1 day agoflag  reply+2coxian_armada  artemis6:Only humans sleep at night..... 1 day agoflag  reply0JanforGore  artemis6:I suspect pretty well, the bastards. 1 day agoflag  reply+5ejasunOne Farmers Suicide Every 30 Minutes...  Also, one in every four suicides in this group was committed using pesticide.A significant positive correlation between the "declining farm economy" and "increasing state suicide rates" was also found.In short, more than one of every five persons taking his or her life in these States that year was a farmer.IN THE U.S. Census occupational population data were used to convert these frequencies into suicide rates. Suicide rates for farmers were found to be greater than rates for transportation workers (truck drivers)http://www.stwr.org/food-security-agriculture/one-farmers-suicide-every-30-minut... 1 day agoflag  reply-1coolplanetWitnessing the rapidly downward spiral of corporate-caused ecocollapse sometimes makes me wish I were dead too. 2 days agoflag  reply+1JanforGore  coolplanet:http://www.navdanya.org/There is hope thanks to Dr. Vandana Shiva. We must fight them. 1 day agoflag  reply-7MrMxyzptlkSo when a teenage boy blows his brains out after being stood up for prom does that mean we can blame the bitch who stood him up and sue her? 2 days agoflag  reply+2coolplanet  MrMxyzptlk:This puke is the first time I've ever contemplated using the flag button.How incredibly offensive, ignorant and juvenile!!! 2 days agoflag  reply-5MrMxyzptlk  coolplanet:So i take it you wont answer the question... 1 day agoflag  reply+3JanforGore  coolplanet:Which is why I ignore the pos. 1 day agoflag  reply+3gerardange  MrMxyzptlk:Hey MrMxyzptlk.... It is real easy to sit around in your underwear on your big fat ass and fling negative jabs from your computer all day and night... Yah, that's the way to do it! Just make rude comments about everything! Regardless if you have zero knowledge or, any of the facts on any of the subjects you comment on... Blah... blah... blah... But it still gets down to... What have you ever done... beside making rude comments?People on here want intelligent constructive positive thoughts..not by JUST EMPTY BS. Maybe you should do more listening and less talking... you might learn something. 1 day agoflag  reply+2gerardange  MrMxyzptlk:Hey MrMxyzptlk.... What have you ever done... beside making rude comments?People on here want intelligent constructive positive thoughts..not by JUST EMPTY BS. Maybe you should do more listening and less talking... you might learn something. 1 day agoflag  reply-1coolplanet  JanforGore:What or who is pos?& how are they related to neg?(do i really need to insert a :-)..... 1 day agoflag  reply0MrMxyzptlk  gerardange:Well I won't learn much from reading your cut and paste replies.  You know you replied to me with pretty much the same thing four times today?  Slight variations in the opening but the heart of it is there.  All four start with this exact same opening, down to the number of periods following my name, "Hey MrMxyzptlk...."Then in three of them we get this accusation, "It is real easy to sit around in your underwear on your big fat ass and fling negative jabs from your computer all day and night..."  Which is bullshit as I have clearly said I wear pajamas and a robe in the office when I am on the computer.  It's too cold to be in the undies.  Unless I'm lookng for porn.  But then the lust keeps me warm...Then we have this in three of the replies, word for word again, "Yah, that's the way to do it! Just make rude comments about everything! Regardless if you have zero knowledge or, any of the facts on any of the subjects you comment on... Blah... blah... blah..."Then in three of the four you use this line, "But it still gets down to..." before you go into the bit that ends all four replies, "What have you ever done... beside making rude comments? People on here want intelligent constructive positive thoughts..not by JUST EMPTY BS. Maybe you should do more listening and less talking... you might learn something."So like I said before, if you are going to cut and paste your replies to me I will return the favor do the same for you. 1 day agoflag  reply0JanforGore  coolplanet:I think it's fairly obvious. 1 day agoflag  reply+6JanforGoreMonsanto isn't the only company taking advantage of the resources of India. 2 days agoflag  reply+5JanforGoreI find this to be unconscienable.Taking advantage of those with BT cotton seeds they knew would not produce because of drought. Telling them to apply more pesticides and fertilizers using the lie that it would increase yield and make them richer beyond their wildest dreams which cost them more and put them into more debt while making Monsanto richer. Even after suicide, it is usually the wife who then must take over the debts of her husband, and in many cases winds up having to sell the land. Add to this other companies like Coca Cola in their country polluting and taking water to the point where acquifers are running dry as well as the effects of climate change and the now unreliable monsoons added to privitization of food and water as commodities rather than human rights, and you see what globalization does when its only aim is profit at any expense. I would go so far as to say that this is a crime against humanity. 2 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover Toyota Needs Brake Override Technology Anonymous OperationTunisia most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 7Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!Smoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-Dadefrom our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  7 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  15 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  17 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog