Too much fluoride in water, government says // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 205Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 37Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 71Corporations or politicians hurting America? 11The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 8more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | January 07, 2011| 28 commentsToo much fluoride in water, government sayssource: http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/40962808/ns/health-kids_and_parenting/An error occurred while setting up video display.im1mjrpain added thisATLANTA  Fluoride in drinking water  credited with dramatically cutting cavities and tooth decay  may now be too much of a good thing. It's causing spots on some kids' teeth.A reported increase in the spotting problem is one reason the federal government will announce Friday it plans to lower the recommended limit for fluoride in water supplies  the first such change in nearly 50 years.About 2 out of 5 adolescents have tooth streaking or spottiness because of too much fluoride, a surprising government study found recently. In some extreme cases, teeth can even be pitted by the mineral  though many cases are so mild only dentists notice it.Health officials note that most communities have fluoride in their water supplies, and toothpaste has it too. Some kids are even given fluoride supplements.The U.S. Department of Health and Human Services is announcing a proposal to change the recommended fluoride level to 0.7 milligrams per liter of water. And the Environmental Protection Agency will review whether the maximum cutoff of 4 milligrams per liter is too high.The standard since 1962 has been a range of 0.7 to 1.2 milligrams per liter.Unexpectedly common problem The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention reports that the splotchy tooth condition, fluorosis, is unexpectedly common in kids ages 12 through 15. And it appears to have grown much more common since the 1980s."One of the things that we're most concerned about is exactly that," said an administration official who was not authorized to speak publicly before the release of the report. The official described the government's plans in an interview with The Associated Press.The government also is expected to release two related EPA studies which look at the ways Americans are exposed to fluoride and the potential health effects. This shift away from government's long-standing praise of the benefits of fluoride is sure to re-energize groups that still oppose it.Fluoride is a mineral that exists naturally in water and soil. Scientists in the early 1940s discovered that people who lived where water supplies naturally had more fluoride also had fewer cavities. Some locales have naturally occurring fluoridation levels above 1.2.Today, most public drinking water supplies are fluoridated, especially in larger cities. Counting everyone, including those who live in rural areas, about 64 percent of Americans drink fluoridated water.Fluoridation has been fought for decades by people who worried about its effects, including conspiracy theorists who feared it was a plot to make people submissive to government power.Maryland is the most fluoridated state, with nearly every resident on a fluoridated water system. In contrast, only about 11 percent of Hawaii residents are on fluoridated water, according to government statistics.Drinking water patterns have changed over the years, so that some stark regional differences in fluoride consumption are leveling out. There was initially a range in recommended levels because people in hotter climates drank more water. But with air conditioning and sodas, Americans in the South and Southwest don't necessarily consume more water than those in colder states, said one senior administration official.Story: Kids' radiation exposure common and dangerousFluorosis is considered the main downside related to fluoridation.According to the CDC, nearly 23 percent of children ages 12-15 had fluorosis in a study done in 1986 and 1987. That rose to 41 percent in the more recent study, which covered the years 1999 through 2004."We're not necessarily surprised to see this slow rise in mild fluorosis," Dr. William Kohn, director of the CDC's division of oral health, said in a recent interview.Cavities still a worry Health officials have hesitated to call it a problem, however. In most kids, it's barely noticeable; even dentists have trouble seeing it, and sometimes don't bother to tell their unknowing patients. Except in the most severe cases, health officials considered the discoloring of fluorosis to be a welcome trade-off for the protection fluoride provides against cavities."One of water fluoridation's biggest advantages is that it benefits all residents of a community  at home, work, school, or play. And fluoridation's effectiveness in preventing tooth decay is not limited to children, but extends throughout life, resulting in improved oral health," said HHS Assistant Secretary for Health Dr. Howard Koh, in a statement.Indeed, many health leaders continue to be worried about cavities, particularly among poor families with kids who eat a lot of sweets but don't get much dental care. The American Public Health Association in November adopted a resolution calling for coordinated programs to be established at public health, dental and medical clinics to offer fluoride varnish  a highly concentrated lacquer painted on teeth to prevent cavities.Secretary Kathleen Sebelius could make a final decision within a few months, the administration official said.http://www.msnbc.msn.com/id/40962808/ns/health-kids_and_parenting/ groups:News tags:EPA,WHO,CDC,Environmental Protection Agency,fluoride,Centers For Disease Control,fluoridation,U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,Fluoride in drinking water 5 more|28 comments// Too much fluoride in water, government sayshide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0Proud_ProgressiveToo much fluoride leads to... Kristen Stewart? 1 day agoflag  reply0PirateSauceNobody should be drinking tap water. Get yourselves a good water filter, I recommend Berkey. 1 day agoflag  reply0FishaHouse777  PirateSauce:there will still be flouride in it 7 hours agoflag  reply0EmperorThanhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OcHNYenN7OYa 1 day agoflag  reply+1dwb2585http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7r0c_kfdwQUThis is great 1 day agoflag  reply0dwb2585Naturally occurring fluoride is ok BUT the manufactured fluoride [which is a byproduct of aluminum] that they add to our city water is NOT ok. 1 day agoflag  reply0oppressed1fluoride is a toxin that should never be introduced into your body. The entire EU has rejected the idea of ingesting this poison into your body. Why would a private corporation spend millions of dollars just to fix your teeth? ITs a means to make you sick people! 1 day agoflag  reply0FishaHouse777  oppressed1:Get a degree in chemistry and/or biology before you talk about something like this, you know nothing. Flouride isn't dangerous in the very small amounts we drink and ingest through toothpaste, the color spots are simply mineral deposits from the flouride and are a sign of strong teeth. Flourid makes us stronger not weaker you dummy. 1 day agoflag  reply0dwb2585  FishaHouse777:Umm, you're not supposed to "ingest" your toothpaste, buddy(mostly, because of the fluoride & peroxide that is in it). I think you've had enough fluoride. 1 day agoflag  reply0Proud_Progressive  dwb2585:You've never ingested a little toothpaste on accident? 1 day agoflag  reply0oppressed1  FishaHouse777:Keep ingesting your toothpaste buddy. Sounds like you have had enough for the both of us. 1 day agoflag  reply+2s_peak  FishaHouse777:Fluoride has actually not really been shown to help teeth to any conclusive degree. If you rub your toothbrush on your teeth WITHOUT toothpaste, you'll still notice a benefit. The adverse health effects of fluoride, however, are well documented. This list is a good start, but not quite complete:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fluoride_poisoning#Chronic_toxicityThis list states clearly that even TINY TINY doses of fluoride can be toxic with an iodine deficiency, which many of us still have a bit of.The fluoride that is put into our water IS an industrial waste generated from the processing of aluminum. It would be one thing (but still not a good thing) if fluoride was sourced from natural deposits, but it's not.Fluoride actually completely calcifies the pineal gland (along with hardening of all major organs) over time (even in small doses). The pineal gland (in your brain) is thought of as the seat of consciousness in many belief systems... so I'd say it's best not to mess with it. See here:http://www.fluoridealert.org/health/pineal/Also... Watch this documentary (watch part 2 if you find it interesting), and then we'll talk more:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Q3y8uwtxrHoIf you're not convinced, come back and we'll talk. Our corporate country actually has a long history of selling us byproduct neurotoxins and calling them sweeteners or flavorings, or... you name it. Also: Don't tell people they don't know anything. That's just rude. The human race, as a whole, is ignorant. Many great scientists were attacked for supporting "sub-standard" beliefs... like Copernicus, Einstein, Galileo and more... it's unwise to attack someone seeking knowledge... because... aren't we all? 1 day agoflag  reply0oppressed1  FishaHouse777:Thats why they put it in rat poison hu. 23 hours agoflag  reply0FishaHouse777  s_peak:Since you use .org and youtube sites as the source of your facts I can't believe BUTsince you bring up so many major and shocking points I have to look into this more. Also, I don't like to tell people they don't know anything I just hate when they act like they know everything without offering credible proof. Thank you for thisthough if I find out the same stuff you found out or different on flouride I will let ya know 7 hours agoflag  reply0s_peak  FishaHouse777:Fair enough. 5 hours agoflag  reply+3ahappymintleafthe image is the ultimate win. 1 day agoflag  reply+3coolplanetThree years ago my dentist prescribed a powerful fluoride toothpaste, PreviDent 5000ppm by Colgate, with instructions "Do not rinse." I used it twice a day.Around the same time I began to get low grade headaches almost every day. Last Spring the headaches became so bad I was worried I might have a brain tumor, when one night it occurred to me that these headaches started at the same time I began using this highly fluorinated toothpaste.So I immediately stopped using it and the headaches reduced by 90% right away.Now I use tea tree toothpaste and rinse well with iodized sea salt which studies have shown to be much more effective in preventing cavities. 2 days agoflag  reply0artemis6  coolplanet:Glad you told your story . 1 day agoflag  reply0FishaHouse777  coolplanet:Such a high dose shouldn't be allowed, but nonetheless low doses of flouride is more healthy than not. Thanks for your story though 1 day agoflag  reply0dwb2585  FishaHouse777:You should know that naturally occurring fluoride can be ok BUT the manufactured, aluminum byproduct, that is added to our city water is not. We shouldn't have to sacrifice our body for our teeth with no choice in the matter. 1 day agoflag  reply0s_peak  coolplanet:Holy shit... that's a pretty pronounced effect!Also look into using baking soda and hydrogen peroxide (diluted!). I use this a bit. While this mix doesn't taste awesome, Baking soda is perfect for teeth because it oxygenates them, which is not ideal for the bad bugs in your mouth. Homemade toothpaste is actually very effective, and incredibly cheap and easy to make. 1 day agoflag  reply+3maasanovaThey finally have to admit it! Now I can say I told you so to all my friends and family who laughed at me! AGAIN!!! 2 days agoflag  reply-1nursedieselThe varnish doesn't protect the whole tooth, like the fluoride does. I wish there was a pat answer but we've become attached to our beautiful pearly whites and eating hard foods until very late in our lives. There's always side effects to everything we do.  (including growing the same crops in the tired old soil year after year until we're all suffering from low magnesium and other nutrients missing from our foods.) Read the journals of Lewis and Clark and you'll be amazed at how different tribes of Indians were devastated by their diets and the environment they lived in and ran to the travelers for cures they carried with them. I'm not pushing fluoride but it has had many benefits. And it is a natural element. 2 days agoflag  reply-1coolplanet  nursediesel:Arsenic and uranium are also "natural elements" but I wouldn't suggest brushing with them.Except for "natural" brands like Tom's, the fluoride in most toothpaste comes from the byproduct (waste) in making aluminum.But even "natural" fluoride is listed as a poison in the periodic table..... 2 days agoflag  reply+1FishaHouse777  coolplanet:arsenic is an actual poison to biological systems, and uranium is highly radioactive. Stop being cynical and speak an actual argument if you have one please. Many of the foods and liquids you ingest from day to day have compounds in them that are toxic, but since you ingest such small amounts your body has no problem filtering them just like with flouride. 1 day agoflag  reply+4ozoneoceanUnfortunately this is one of those debates that really comes down to "feelings".I've gone through all the serious science and debate that I've been sent by proponents of bans on Foulride in drinking water and it does not stack up. What they really object to is "the government" making health decisions for them. And you have some serious weight in that camp now, which is why stuff like this moves forward.On balance the case for fluoridation is stronger- protecting teeth, saving hugely on dental and health bills for the entire community over time. The case against is weak- teeth fluoridosis is a minor cosmetic issue. Apart from that they wrongly extrapolate the effects of fluoride poisoning and come away with the nebulous idea that fluoridated water "makes people feel bad".It's a short skip and a hop to homoeopathy.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HMGIbOGu8q0 2 days agoflag  reply0FishaHouse777  ozoneocean:Sanity speaks reason, thank you ozoneocean. 1 day agoflag  reply0maasanova  ozoneocean:Complete nonsense unless you gargle with your tap water. There is no valid reason for the use of putting a chemical byproduct in the water supply. I drink filtered water, not tap, have drank filtered water for more than a decade now, and I have perfectly healthy teeth and my dentists have never recommended that I start drinking flouridated water. 1 day agoflag  replymore fromNews:SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Latest Updates Five People Injured In SUV Rollover Toyota Needs Brake Override Technology Anonymous OperationTunisia most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 6LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 7Congress to Reduce Free Speech? 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 9Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... 10Imran Khan: Pakistan is 'going down' more Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Fine Gael website defaced by Anonymous? Victoria Beckham Pregnant: Baby Bump PHOTOS Sarah Palins Alaska not returning for season 2 Anonymous OperationTunisia HUMAN BEINGS  movie in development UPDATED: Arizona Assassin Obsessed With Mind Control Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... see all new stories videos on current tvWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!The Last Exorcism reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentstoyotabedzrock commented on Congress to Reduce Free Speech?  6 minutes agoFail, it's against the law in general. Congress is not that special!LISTENCall a truce and everyone tell your Rep Dem or Gop that we don't want another excuse for DHS to break... Dagum commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  15 minutes agoThe private sector created jobs. Not Mr. Obama. More likely the private sector created jobs in spite of compliance expenses imposed on businesses by  Obama  policies. southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  17 minutes agoI will defend anyone's right to free speech.   I merely hope those doing the speaking understand the consequences of their words.  Speak from the heart but think with your conscience. Itsbatman_Durr commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  1 hour agoits more of the same folks. stop wasting time looking to the figurehead for help, or trying to blame him for your travails. its not ronald mcdonalds fault you got a shitty cheeseburger, its the... mcjk commented on AZ Democratic Congresswoman Shot At Event...  1 hour agoWhat kind of news article does it take for people to have a mature, rational discussion here on Current?  Seriously, multiple people died, and more injured- and most of the comments I am reading...  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog