Kevin Barry, hanged at 18 years old fighting for Irish freedom during the Irish War of IndependenceHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesEurope Political and Social IssuesIreland Political and Social IssuesKevin Barry, hanged at 18 years old fighting for Irish freedom during the Irish War of IndependenceKevin Barry, hanged at 18 years old fighting for Irish freedom during the Irish War of Independence86rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy viking305Kevin Barry became active as a soldier in Dublin as a 15 year old lad. He was hanged age 18 by the British GovernmentDublin of 1920 was a terrifying city to live in if you were Irish. If a person was heard to speak in Irish they would be arrested and jailed. The people of Dublin were not even safe in their own beds. At any time of day or night any home could be raided, the house torn apart or the occupants arrested and interrogated. There was also a curfew at night with only the sound of the British army lorries along the dark streets looking for trouble. The people in their houses would hold their breaths until the lorries passed their street praying that they would not stop outside where a brutal raid would begin. This is the Dublin that Kevin Barry grew up in as a young lad. And this is why he became a soldier at fifteen years of age to fight for Irish freedom in 1920 during the Irish War of Independence. Kevin Barry was hanged in Mountjoy Jail in Dublin by the British Government in Dublin when he was only 18 years old.The sacrifice of men women and children for Irish Freedom. Irish men were taken from their homes by the British soldiers and later found dead in a field or back alley.This was the atmosphere that the men of the Volunteers were fighting in. The Irish people had seen sixteen men executed four years earlier after the 1916 Easter Rising. Their families were refused their bodies after the executions for a Christian burial. Their bodies were hastily dumped in a hole, dug at the back of Arbour Hill Prison. Quick lime was added so there would be no possibility of the families claiming the bodies later. This is now a National Monument. There is a ceremony held every year to celebrate their fight and sacrifice for Irish Freedom. Black and Tans in IrelandAt the beginning of the year a more British soldiers came to keep order in Ireland. They were recruited from the many demobbed soldiers of the First World War in England. These men could not settle back into civilian life or regular jobs. Those recruited were offered 1 a week, which was very good pay at the time, and the chance to fight the Irish. There was a shortage of uniforms so they had to do with a mixture, of dark green jackets and khaki trousers. The Balmoral  cum  Beret was very distinctive. This is how they became known as the Black and Tans. By November 1920 the Black and Tans were in Dublin for over six months and the regular British soldiers were starting to follow their lead of brutality. British soldiers on the streets of Dublin 1920 See all 5 photosPhoto of Kevin Barry age 18 Kevin Barry in his UCD college rugby shirt.      National Photographic Society of IrelandKevin Barry joined the Irish Volunteers at the age of 15The Irish volunteers had approx. 15,000 men but very little guns or ammunition. They carried out a series of raids from 1918 onwards, to capture the arms from the British soldiers. At the time of his arrest Kevin Barry was studying medicine at University College Dublin.He was born on January 20, 1902 at 8 Fleet Street, Dublin. He had joined the Volunteers in October 1917, at the age of 15. He was first in C Company of the 1st Battalion and later transferred to H Company. His Commander was Captain Seamus Kavanagh. Kevins first duties were to deliver orders on his bike all over the Dublin City. He then progressed to taking part in the raids on the soldiers for guns. He was an experienced Volunteer when he was captured despite only being eighteen years old. He had won a Dublin Corporation Scholarship to U C D by getting an Honours in Middle Grade when he was only sixteen, and honours in Senior Grade the following year. His Captain in the Volunteers had asked him not to go on the raid because he knew he had an exam at 2.00 pm that same day. But Kevin insisted that he would be alright and back in plenty of time. On September 20th 1920, British soldiers drove up to Church Street in Dublin 7. They were there to collect their ration of bread from Monks Bakery, for Collinstown Camp, ( This is now the site of Dublin Airport.)Earlier that morning four Irish Volunteers had taken over the office in the Bakery, disconnecting the phone. They waited. In the surrounding side streets approx. sixteen other volunteers were in key positions. Kevin Barry, Sean ONeill and Bob OFlanagan were waiting in position to attack the lorry. The British soldiers were loading up the lorry when they heard  Drop your rifles, put up your hands. They were attacked by a group of twenty Irish Volunteers. All but one soldier dropped their rifles. He fired a shot at the Volunteers and a gun battle erupted. Private Harold Washington was killed instantly and two other British soldiers, Private Marshall Whitehead and Private Thomas Humphries died later. The British soldiers quickly loaded up their dead and wounded.Most of the Irish Volunteers ran through the streets and got away. Bob OFlanagan had been shot in the head but jumped into a cab. Another Volunteer picked up Bobs cap afraid it would identify him. It had some of Bobs scalp still inside it. The British soldiers quickly loaded up their dead and wounded. They were ready to drive off when an old woman shouted at them to be careful as there was a young lad under the lorry. They jumped out and grabbed the boy. This was Kevin Barry. His gun had jammed when he first began to shoot. He fixed it, and then began shooting at the soldiers again. But it jammed a second time. He was lying on the ground concentrating on trying to fix the gun when he realised the battle was over and the rest of the Volunteers has escaped. He quickly dived under the lorry so the soldiers would not see him. He would have got away with it if the old woman had not shouted for the soldiers to be careful. They dragged him out and threw him into the back of the lorry beside the dead soldier. The Irish crowd that had gathered turned on the woman calling her a traitor. She tried to tell them that she did not realise what she was saying until it was too late, and was only afraid that the lorry would run over the lad. Church Street 1920 only a few minutes after the raid where Kevin Barry was captured This photo was taken on the corner of North King Street and Church Street just a few minutes after Kevin Barry was arrested.  Photo courtesy of the National Musuem of IrelandThe Black and Tans raided nearby houses and shopsThere was chaos after the ambush. More regular British soldiers and Black and Tans arrived and closed off the streets. They raided nearby houses and shops. The crowd that had gathered ran for cover as they knew the British soldiers were looking for trouble. They searched the onlookers and wanted to know the names of the other men. The shop owners closed their doors knowing that the ambush would be used as an excuse for the Black and Tans to loot and damage the area. Kevin Barry needed hospital treatmentKevin Barry meanwhile was at the Barracks being questioned. He told them his address as 58 South Circular Road and his occupation as a medical student. First they told him he would be let go free if he gave the names of the other men involved. He refused. They then began to torture him with six men in the room. He was threatened with a bayonet in his stomach and his back. When this did not work he was thrown to the ground and two of the soldiers kicked him. His arm was twisted behind his back while another soldier put his foot on his back and began to dig him. This, according to Kevin Barry himself went on for over five minutes. He needed hospital treatment for his arm for four or five days afterwards. When he was transferred to Mountjoy Prison his arm was still in a sling. The prison officers at Mountjoy Prison in Dublin were all Irish and were sympathetic to Kevin. They allowed his mother to visit him in prison under an assumed name as they knew the British would not allow her in to see him if they knew who she was. They treated him well while he was there.Letter written by Kevin Barry  Letter written by Kevin Barry describing all the visiters he had in his cell as he awaited execution. The British Army had total control of the courtA new law called the Restoration of Order in Ireland Act came about on August 9, 1920, approx. six weeks before the Ambush. This practically gave the Army total power over the law in Ireland. It was decided that Kevin Barry would be tried under this new law by Secret Court Martial. The jury was made up of nine officers and a Brigadier - General called Onslow. Kevin refused to have a defence lawyer because he would not recognise a British Court. Kevin Barry was charged with three counts of murder. The evidence proved that the bullet taken from one of the dead soldiers was a 45 calibre. All the witnesses stated that Kevin Barry was using a 38 calibre. The trial lasted one day. At 8 oclock that night Kevin Barry was told he was found guilty and was sentenced to be hanged. The execution was set for November 1. There were five or six attempts to rescue him by the Irish Volunteers but they failed. The prayers grew louder and people began to cry for Kevin Barry A few hours before his death Kevin Barry was allowed to see his family and friends. On the morning of the execution there was a large crowd of men, women and children praying for Kevin outside Mountjoy Jail. He had spent the night in the cell with a warder and two soldiers. He wrote a letter to his friends and family. He went to bed at midnight and slept until he was woken at 6.am. Kevin then had mass and Communion in the cell. The hangman from England and his assistants came into the cell a few minutes before 8.00 am. His arms were tied together. He walked between the two priests towards the Hang House. The others followed behind him. At 8.00 am Mountjoy Prison bell rang. The prayers grew louder and people began to cry. A few minutes later a prison official posted a sign on the door. It read The sentence of the law passed on Kevin Barry, found guilty of murder, was carried into execution at 8.00 oclock this morning. Plaque in memory of Kevin Barry Plaque in memory of Kevin Barry on the wall of the Tap Pub on the corner of Church St and North King StreetKevin Barry given a State Funeral in Dublin in 2001When the old woman saw the headline that Kevin Barry, at 18 years old was hanged she screamed Oh Christ! So they have hanged that child. She felt so guilty that she had a nervous breakdown. Kevin Barry was buried in the grounds of Mountjoy Prison at 1.30 pm that day. A simple cross marked the grave. Nine more Irish Volunteers werehanged at Mountjoy Jail while fighting for Irish freedom during the Irish War of Independence by the British Government until Ireland became a Free State. In October 2001 the remains of Kevin Barry, the 18 year old Irish soldier and the bodies of nine other Irish Volunteers who had been executed and buried at Mountjoy Prison were exhumed. They were given a State Funeral with nine of them being buried at Glasnevin Cemetery in Dublin. The other one, Patrick Maher was buried in Limerick. The Taoiseach of Ireland, Bertie Ahern said during his speech at the burial ceremony that . Ireland was discharging a debt of honour that stretches back eighty years."  Copyright 2010. L.M. ReidKevin Barry and nine others hanged in Mountjoy Jail. Part 1 Kevin Barry and nine others hanged in Mountjoy Jail. Part 2Kevin Barry and nine others hanged in Mountjoy Jail. Part 3Family members remember their executed dead. Part 4Kevin Barry and nine others hanged in Mountjoy Jail. Part 5Kevin Barry and nine others hanged in Mountjoy Jail. Part 6Kevin Barry and nine others hanged in Mountjoy Jail. Part 7Finally 9 of the 10  men executed in Mountjoy Jail for Irish Freedom are buried in Glasnevin. Irish State Funeral news footage Part 8 vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome Beautiful Irish History: Edward Daly executed for his part in the 1916 Easter Rising.  Remembered in Irish history at Arbour Hill in Dublin Irish History: James Daly, 22 yrs old shot by British Army at Wellington Barracks in Jullundur India: Connaught Rangers. Irish history.CommentsGarlic Angel7 months ago Another great hub viking,, I am learing loads from them... Thank you for sharing them ....Garlic Angel :-)Pamela Kinnaird W7 months ago You wrote this so well that I raced through it, hanging on every word.  It's amazing that the bullet was a 45 calibre and the witnesses said Kevin Barry had been using 38 calibre and yet he was found guilty. This is well-known in your corner of the world, but brand new to me. And it's amazing that he was able to sleep the night before his execution. Thank you for choosing this topic. It's the first time I've read about this time period in Ireland.viking3057 months ago Thanks for your comment Pamela.  Especially as Kevin Barry was so young.  But he was a soldier since he was fifteen years old and had seen the Black and Tans shooting and beating up people for years.  His last letter was very powerful and gave an insight into his character.  Very sad really.jandee4 months ago Hello viking all I can say just now is more please...good stuff ,jandeeNorbell394 months ago Good writing on the events that led this young man to the gallows and with all due respect there would have been more if they were caught.18 year old men are a lot braver than when 38.he paid the ultimate sacrifice for his beliefs and what he experienced growing up.I salute you for your couragezoe2 months ago Very interesting & informative read for someone who lives in ireland but isn't from. History is fascinating.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesMichael CollinsMichael Collins and the Making of the Irish StateAmazon Price: $13.86List Price: $24.95Michael CollinsAmazon Price: $0.99Michael Collins and the Making of the Irish StateAmazon Price: $14.99The Big Fellow: Michael Collins & the Irish RevolutionAmazon Price: $20.00Michael Collins and the Troubles: The Struggle for Irish Freedom 1912-1922Amazon Price: $5.25List Price: $19.95Irish songs and filmIrish Rebel SongsAmazon Price: $5.94List Price: $7.98Irish Rebels, Confederate Tigers: A History Of The 6th Louisiana VolunteersAmazon Price: $27.00List Price: $40.00The Civil War of 1812: American Citizens, British Subjects, Irish Rebels, & Indian AlliesAmazon Price: $35.00Irish Rebel SongsAmazon Price: $8.3750 Irish Rebel SongsAmazon Price: $11.98Michael CollinsAmazon Price: $4.48List Price: $14.98Listen to the Kevin Barry Song here on youtubeKevin Barry SongKevin Barry song on YouTube. With lots of photographsKevin Barry's last letterKevin Barry's last letter valued at 18k - National News, Evening Herald.A handwritten letter from a teenager on the eve of his execution during the War of Independence is estimated to fetch up to 18,000 when it goes under the hammer next week.93viking305From Ireland251 Followers83 HubsJoined 9 months agoRead more hubs by viking305Contact viking305Follow viking305Subscribe to viking305's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk viking305 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsNATO and the West are pinned down in Afghanistan for almost a decade now, but who is ARMING the...asked by Eng-rollingstone 4 days ago1 answerAnswer this questionBirthday gift ideas for a five year old girlasked by Paul Edmondson 3 years ago8 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsJames Daly, 22 yrs old shot by British Army at Wellington...by viking305Living an ordinary life during the 1916 Rising and Irish...by viking305Remembering the Emergency during World War Two. Rationing...by viking305Irish female convicts in Dublin Ireland as young as 12...by viking305Imprisonment of women and children in Grangegorman Female...by viking305Dublin,  Ireland in 1832 was overcrowded with slums when...by viking305 Ireland Political and Social Issues ForumTopicRepliesWhats the Answer to this Problemposted by theirishobserver.16President Ordered Murder of Young Motherposted by theirishobserver.10'The Lisbon Treaty -Ireland October 2nd- Yes or Noposted by ScarletRyan197024Post a new topicTagsirish dublin barry irish history irish volunteers ih2 Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.206 sec)  working