Hizballah Takes Aim At Israel's Natural Gas Discovery // Current   login |register|feedback|select your countryUnited StatesUK & IrelandItaliashowsThis American LifeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItSWAT: Miami DadeBar KarmainfoManiaVanguardLong Way Roundfeatured videosSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!Find Current on your TVLook up Current TV's channel number in your area:CHANNEL FINDERstudios newsNews Comedy Green Movies Music Tech Art and Style most popular storiesRemember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Against Violent Tea Party Rhetoric? | Crooks and Liars 221Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 41Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 84Corporations or politicians hurting America? 15Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 13more video schedule moreVCAM - Make an Ad You could earn thousands of dollars if it gets picked by our sponsors.BFD - Big Featured Discussion Read and discuss the most important and controversial topics of the day.Join a GroupJoin a group on the topic you're most passionate about or create your own.Post a link, video or original story that you think everyone should see.POST A STORY Try our browser button for speedy submissions.The following tag(s) couldn't be added to this itemWelcome to Current TVWe're a TV network available on DirecTV, Comcast, Time Warner Cable, Dish Network, and more. Find us on your TV.While you are here you can watch videos from our TV shows, check our TV schedule, and participate in discussions with members of our community.Thanks for visiting, and let us know what you think!News | December 29, 2010| 28 commentsHizballah Takes Aim At Israel's Natural Gas Discoverysource: http://english.themarker.com/largest-natural-gas-reserve-discovered-in-israel-worth-approxim...An error occurred while setting up video display.tverdell added thisMore than 16 trillion cubic feet of natural gas discovered off Haifa shore in joint U.S.-Israeli drilling operation.groups:News, Green tags:War,Israel,Natural Gas,Hizballah |28 comments// Hizballah Takes Aim At Israel's Natural Gas Discoveryhide all repliesdisplay:newest | oldest | popularupload filewebcamembed codeimage urlPaste the url of an image:processPaste an embed code:processUpload a video or image file:1GB file size limit: Supported Formats Online Display Ad:300x250 pixelsFlash Video Overlay Ad:300x50 pixelsUpload an image to represent your video:We will automatically pick out an image to represent video files.If you want to choose your own image, upload it here.Return to the Standard UploaderUpload an image to represent your video:A thumbnail image is required.Record a webcam:[x]we might already have a story about this: Choose media for your post:checking post...+ addblog/text/link/video/image/webcamadvanced upload+ addembed code/image urlchecking post...|cancelI want to upload this to Current.com, and I own the rights to this file.Help us classify your file. What kind of upload is it? Pod (short non-fiction video, usually 1-7 minutes long, that tells a story or profiles a character) Other Awesome Stuff (anything else)|cancel0royulerycars run better of methane than gasoline, they last longer because they run cooler.  the shekel has been based on the diamond trade which has fallen off and  with the money from natural gas israel will probably start buying jet fighters again. 6 days agoflag  reply0JanforGoreSo is that really what the invasion of Iraq was facilitating? The pipeline route to Haifa?http://www.guardian.co.uk/world/2003/apr/20/israelandthepalestinians.oilThis is from 2003. 8 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  JanforGore:I know what you are referring to, but this is a completely new find offshore.There was also a talk of a pipeline of oil and another for water from Turkey to Israel.I think the importance of this find is that it can hurt the leverage the Russia holds over the EU. Remember a few years ago Russia deliberately cut off natural gas to Europe -- during winter.This is a game changer in that regard also. 5 days agoflag  reply+1tverdellAnd so it begins.http://www.ensec.org/index.php?option=com_content&view=article&id=256:hizballah-finds-new-anti-israeli-cause-natural-gas-discovery-could-spur-more-regional-violence&catid=108:energysecuritycontent&Itemid=365Hizballah Takes Aim At Israel's Natural Gas DiscoveryThe discovery of a gigantic natural gas reservoir less than 100 miles off Israels coast seems like great news for the diplomatically and militarily embattled country.  The gas finding will strengthen Israels energy security, enable it to become an important gas exporter and contribute wealth to its economy. It could also be the pretext for the next Middle East war.Ten years after Israels withdrawal from southern Lebanon, Hizballah is struggling to find a cause that would enable it to continue its liberation war against Israel.  Yes, there are those Shebaa Farms on Israels northern border that according to international law belong to  Syria, not Lebanon.  But neither the Lebanese population nor Syria seem to be eager to inflame the region over a territory one fifth the size of Disney World. Something of greater strategic importance must be found in order to revive the resistance.This is why only days after Israel announced its gas discovery, Hizballah claimed that the deposit extends into Lebanese waters and that it would not allow Israel to loot Lebanese gas resources.The discovery blows fresh wind into Hizballahs sails, giving it a new cause to fight for and a new opportunity to hurt the Israeli economy. Furthermore, by opening a new front in the Mediterranean, Hizballah is gaining legitimacy for holding on to its arms. Even non-Shiite sects in Lebanon  accept Hizballah's role in protecting Lebanon's waters.  Druze leader Walid Jumblatt recently said that Hizballahs weapons are important to defend the oil in the Sea of Lebanon and national resources in the country. Speaking last month on the occasion of the 10th anniversary of Israels withdrawal, Hizballah leader Hassan Nasrallah focused for the first time on the maritime rather than the ground capabilities of his group, boasting that Hizballah is ready to wipe out Israels navy.  Hizballahs growing interest in developing maritime capabilities should not be taken lightly.  The group already has an Iranian-trained navy commando and submarine units.  During the 2006 Second Lebanon War Hizballah attacked and severely damaged an Israeli corvette, using a C-802 anti-ship missile. It would not be surprising if in the coming months Hizballah improves its tactical sophistication at sea through acquisition of new weapons and occasional encounters with Israels navy.  Upcoming flotillas under the Free Gaza banner would enable Hizballah fighters to closely observe the Israeli Navy at work and identify its weak spots.  Later, as the eastern  Mediterranean becomes home to drilling rigs, pipelines and other infrastructure related to Israels gas operation, Hizballah could find multiple soft targets to attack.  Such attacks could easily escalate into a regional war involving neighboring countries like Syria, Turkey and  Iran.While the Obama administration is consumed with the catastrophe off the US coast, it should also pay attention to the developments off Israels coast, and not only because an American gas drilling company, Noble Energy, owns nearly 40 percent of the gas venture, which means American citizens operating the rigs could be in harms way.Disputes over access to offshore gas have been widespread throughout the world, including in the Caspian Sea, the East China Sea, and the North Sea.  In some cases they even involved military skirmishes.  But an all out resource war was always avoided.  In the eastern  Mediterranean the outcome could be very different. The reason is that in all of the above cases the parties involved were interested in the gas as a source of revenue, not as a pretext for war.  As a militarized non-state actor, Hizballah has already demonstrated its capability to push an independent agenda which serves its patrons Iran and  Syria, not the people of Lebanon.  Israel, for its part, has already announced its willingness to use force to protect its natural gas finds.To minimize the risk of future resource war in the Mediterranean, the US should help Israel to establish the legal basis for its activities within its economic waters while highlighting the frivolousness of  Lebanons claims.  A broad international consensus on Israels right to drill for oil and gas in its waters would deny Hizballah any legitimate ground to provoke conflict at sea.The US and its allies should also monitor Hizballahs efforts to develop maritime capabilities and try to prevent this terror organization from acquiring offensive weapons and capabilities, particularly anti-ship missiles.Finally, the US Sixth Fleet which operates in the Mediterranean should increase its presence in the disputed area and strengthen its cooperation with the Israeli Navy in order to deter Hizballah and its patrons from operating in the region.Before Israel struck gas, Lebanon showed no interest in the treasures under the Mediterranean seabed. Now, when Israeli and American investors have established its richness, those who wish to destabilize the region will find natural gas to be an ideal fuel to keep the Arab-Israeli conflict burning for many years to come. Gal Luft is Executive Director of the Institute for the Analysis of Global Security. He is co-author of Energy Security Challenges for the 21st Century (Praeger 2009).  This article was originally published in the 13 July 2010 issue of The Washington Times. 10 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  tverdell:Perhaps this means that Israel won't be relying on as much U.S. military aid.  They can now pay for their own defense.  It's actually really sad that Israel spends more money per capita on defense than any other nation in the world. 10 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  ThatCrazyLibertarian:Well, they are surrounded by their enemies. We at least have ocean between our enemies.But I doubt if the US will stop the welfare program for Israel.-- And Mexico is not an ememy (LOL) 10 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  tverdell:The coming U.S. dollar collapse will. 10 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  ThatCrazyLibertarian:If the dollar collapses, then Katie bar the door.We will have much bigger problems.This isn't Argentina.God forbid that thought. 10 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  tverdell:It's happening right now.  Other nations are doing their best to hedge their reserves against the coming dollar devaluation.  There's talk that OPEC nations are going to start accepting other currencies in exchange for oil.  Gold is selling at record prices.Americans are living in a vacuum while the rest of the world is moving forward without us. 10 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  ThatCrazyLibertarian:Well remember what happened to Saddam Hussein when he started trading in Euro back in 2000.The petrodollar will be protected at all costs.Ron Paul gave a great speech on the petrodollar a few years ago. 10 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarian  tverdell:Both Iran and Venezuela have decided to accept competing currencies for their oil.  It's only a matter of time until the Saudis' hegemony over OPEC ends, as nations like Russia continue to gain greater influence over the world oil markets.  When that happens, you can rest assured that that the world oil market will reject the U.S. dollar as its means of exchange.People just don't realize the benefits of having the world's reserve currency.  Unfortunately, they're going to learn what it's like when that status is lost...and we will eventually lose it.Some economists (albeit that they're heavily invested in commodities and precious metals trading) are predicting that this will happen in 2011-2. 10 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  ThatCrazyLibertarian:IMO, I think there would be warfare or some other type of diversion before the US would allow her currency to collapse.I am betting on the dollar remaining the reserve currency. As you say, we would not be able to recover from this. We would definitely loose our status and this would create a NWO. 10 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  ThatCrazyLibertarian:dont count on it.they make our bullets, we arent being distanced from israel anytime soon. 10 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  freecrack:Seriously, we could make our own bullets.We use Israel as a foothold in the middle east.They also do intelligence gathering. 10 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  tverdell:of course.i was just saying they make our bullets, and by that fact ya cant really imagine any nation being closer to another than one who manufactures the others ability to defend itself.we are up israels ass, and israel is up ours was the point i was driving at.and yes intelligence gathering is the lynchpin in my opinion too.funny huh.cuz if any arab state wanted to actualy distance israel from us, all they would have to do is offer more accurate intel. 10 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  freecrack:Sorry I missed your point.But even if an Arab country offered more intel I don't think we would trust them.We are more ideologically aligned with Israel. 10 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  tverdell:in the short yes, but in the big picture................i mean look at what we put up with from the saudis.we even went to war on thier behalf in the 90's.give a state like iraq or jordana solid decade of nothing but reliable solid intel, and we will see them as valid.truth be told im sure the intel we get from israel is biased of course.so if an arab state gives us the full story, not the version that suites them, it would trump israel's efforts making our idealogical kinship less than relevant.just my pragmatic theory 10 days agoflag  reply0ghostofamerica  tverdell:free rachel corrie, oh..nevermind, the isreali's ran her over with a bulldozer 10 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  ghostofamerica:what does that have to do with anything even remotely related to this thread? 9 days agoflag  reply0ghostofamerica  freecrack:"While the Obama administration is consumed with the catastrophe off the US coast, it should also pay attention to the developments off Israels coast, and not only because an American gas drilling company, Noble Energy, owns nearly 40 percent of the gas venture, which means American citizens operating the rigs could be in harms way.""American citizens operating the rigs could be in harms way.""American citizens could be in harms way."They already are, but when isreal kills them, we look the other way. 9 days agoflag  reply0freecrack  ghostofamerica:we look the other way when any country kills one of ours who isnt high profile enough to garner public support.especialy when the citizen in question takes it upon themselves to go to that country.i mean right now a bunch of our citiezens are in prison all over the world.iran, china, north korea.and most of them will die, either killed or allowed to waste away to a state that is unrepairable.as far as israel goes, they only kill the citizens who threaten thier endevours, just as we would kill israeli citizens who threaten ours.not really a basis for singling out.especialy when it takes former world leaders to visit north korea to get our journalists out.that is far more tyranical, than israel killing rachel corrie, who was spoiling for a fight.she sought martyrdom and so it was. 9 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  ghostofamerica:Yes, I know. This is not a thread about the atrocities committed by the IDF.I was interested in the dynamics of how this upsets the order of energy providers in the region. 5 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  freecrack:My thoughts exactly.At the end of the day, it will all come down to energy. Israel once thought as energy poor is now energy rich.God has blessed them. 5 days agoflag  reply+1ThatCrazyLibertarianI'm kind of divided.  On the one hand, I like the idea of increased competition among suppliers.  On the other, I don't think that drilling for natural gas in mile deep water has proven itself to be all that safe. 11 days agoflag  reply+1tverdell  ThatCrazyLibertarian:I was thinking the same thing, especially with terrorism in the region.But this will remove the leverage that Russia has over Europe. 11 days agoflag  reply0tverdell  ThatCrazyLibertarian:That why I say this could have armegeddon implications. 5 days agoflag  reply+1tverdellThis could also have armageddon implications. 11 days agoflag  reply+1tverdellPutin will not be happy. 11 days agoflag  replymore fromNews:Suspected CIA Banker Allen Stanfords Trial Indefinitely Delayed Online USA News: Fernanda Vasconcellos with her shoes Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier Killed In Combat The #1 Work From Home Business Of 2011 . . . most populartop rankednew & rising1Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For Speaking Out Agains... 2Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo 3Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than Bush Created in Eight 4Corporations or politicians hurting America? 5Congress to Reduce Free Speech? -- In Response to shooting 6The system suited everybody until the crisis hit  Ron Paul 7LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP ! 8A Real Hero.... Daniel Hernandez, intern,  stays by Gabriel... 99-Year-Old Tucson Massacre Victim, Christina Green, Was a 9... 10Westboro Baptist Church / says Shooter Jared Lee Laughner, ... more Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than Family of Soldier... Man beat girlfriend because of bad oral sex! SNL: Mayor Bloomberg Explains What To Do During A Snowstorm Tron-ify Everything !!!! Nintendo's Amazing Live Performance Of Their Best Video Gam... FOX News cuts away from 'Giffords vigil' when Sarah Palin's... Anonymous OperationTunisia 100 Quotations Every Geek Should Know Too much fluoride in water! Grown Man Gets a HUGE Tattoo of Justin Bieber on HIS THIGH ... see all new stories videos on current tvSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeDinner for Schmucks reviewed by The Rotten Tomatoes ShowIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!from our tv showsSWAT: Miami DadeSmoking Out a Suspect: SWAT: Miami-DadeKill It, Cook It, Eat ItWatch "Kill It, Cook It, Eat It," Premiering January 11th!This American LifeIt's Better on TV: "This American Life" Premieres Monday, January 10th!The Rotten Tomatoes ShowMachete reviewed by the Rotten Tomatoes Showfind current on tvEnjoy Current TV from the comfort of your couch on these channels:Channel 358DIRECTVChannel 196DISH NetworkChannel 107 or 125ComcastChannel 103 or 142Time Warner CableChannel 189AT&T U-VerseChannel 192Verizon FIOSmorefind current onlinerecent commentsItsbatman_Durr commented on Michael Vick More Important to Obama Than...  17 minutes agoPat Collins, a retired lieutenant colonel, told Q13 FOX in Seattle that the family was told last month that the president could not fit it into his schedule to call mother Linda... southrabbit commented on Remember When Beck Ridiculed Pelosi For...  43 minutes agoLet them stir the the pot.  It keeps those who are stuck at the bottom from being burned.  It might not be the best of ideas to insight violence but remember what happened to Abby Hoffman when he... toyotabedzrock commented on Obama Created More Jobs in One Year Than...  46 minutes agoI think job creation numbers should be adjusted to account for new workers entering the job market. oppressed1 commented on Obama lays blow to closing Guantanamo  54 minutes agoHow is that hope and change thing working out for you. 2 trillion to the banks and car industry. This guy has given more to special intrest than Bush could have ever dreamed of. HE gets a pass... unimatrix0 commented on LIFE'S GOOD, SHUT UP !  1 hour agoA most welcome, most sublime post.Well played WhiteNoise  2011 Current TV, LLCAll Rights Reservedprivacy policyterms of usecreation studios terms of use the basicsaboutcommunity guidelinesfaqadvertising jobsfollow us onlineFacebookTwitterYouTubeiTunesHulutoolsfirefox toolbarbrowser buttonrss feedssitemap morestay in touchfeedbackcontact infoblog