The Irish Republican Socialist PartyHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesEurope Political and Social IssuesIreland Political and Social IssuesThe Irish Republican Socialist PartyThe Irish Republican Socialist Party79rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy iskra1916The IRSP Work On Behalf Of The Irish Working Class  The IRSP spearhead the fightback against crippling attacks on the Irish working class.This is Republican Socialism !Teach Na Failte Xmas Appeal - Help IRSP Prisoners !Teach Na Failte - Supporting IRSP PrisonersThe Teach Na Failte Christmas Card & book appeal can be contacted via this site!I.R.S.P - Ireland's Revolutionary Socialist PartyThe I.R.S.P is Ireland's largest Republican Socialist party and the only radical Republican alternative to the narrow Nationalism of the likes of Sinn Fein and Fianna Fail. The IRSP has cummain in most of Ireland's cities, towns and villages. It is the only Irish Republican party which adheres to the revolutionary principles of James Connolly, the founder of modern Republican Socialism and leader of the 1916 Rebellion. The I.R.S.P's co-founder, Seamus Costello, was described by Connolly's daughter Nora as:" .. the only one who truly understood what James Connolly meant when he spoke of his vision of the freedom of the Irish people."The IRSP works towards the establishment of a united 32 county Democratic Socialist Republic, with an end to the likes of: absentee landlords, child labour, Gombeenism, pro-British murder gangs and all forms of discrimination. The IRSP is a Republican party in the tradition of Wolfe Tone, Finton Lalor, Liam Mellows and first and foremost,1916 Rebellion commander, James Connolly. As a radical Republican party, it is unapologetic about it's opposition to the continued undemocratic partition of Ireland by Britain. In tandem with this the IRSP, believes that there can be no real liberty without the economic liberation of the Irish working class from the wage-slavery of both global Capitalism and domestic 'Gombeen' capitalism. It's outlook is Internationalist, as opposed to the narrow Nationalism of traditionalist Republican groups. They endorse the right of all people to be treated as equals, irrespective of: religious beliefs or lack of them, gender, sexual orientation or race. It is the only true egalitarian party in Ireland today and in reality, is the only contemporary party in Ireland which accurately adheres to the spirit of the 1916 Proclamation, which :"..declares its resolve to pursue the happiness and prosperity of the whole nation and of all its parts, cherishing all the children of the nation equally, and oblivious of the differences carefully fostered by an alien government, which have divided a minority from the majority in the past!" (1916 Proclamation.)A Brief History of the Irish Republican Socialist PartyThe IRSP was formally launched on the 8th of December 1974, at the Spa Hotel, Lucan, County Dublin. It's founder were former members of the Official Republican Movement and other Republican Socialist activists, who were dissillusioned with with the blatant reformist direction of the Officials leadership. The likes of Bernadette Devlin-McAliskey, MP and the late Tony Gregory, TD, were early party members. The legendary Republican Socialist, Seamus Costello, became the party's first National Chairperson.Seamus Costello was a dynamic and accomplished radical Republican, who invigorated other party members with his tireless activism. As well as being elected unanimously as the chairperson of the IRSP, Seamus Costello was also elected as the very first Chief of Staff of the Irish National Liberation Army (it was at first called the Peoples Liberation Army for strategic reasons). The INLA was conceived to primarily protect IRSP members from the very real threat of attack by OIRA murder gangs, the undercover murder squads of the likes of the SAS and Loyalist paramilitaries. It's raison d'etre was equally to attack the British forces of occupation, in the popular peoples' war of National Liberation, that raged in the occupied Northern counties for almost 40 years. An example of Seamus Costello's political and personal dynamism, apart from straddling the mammoth tasks of heading up a fledgling revolutionary party and a nascent guerrilla army, he was also an active, elected or appointed, member of the following:.. Wicklow County Council . County Wicklow Committee of Agriculture. General Council of Committees of Agriculture. Eastern Regional Development Organisation. National Museum Development Committee. Bray Urban District Council . Bray Branch of the ITGWU. President Bray and District Trade Unions Council. Cualann Historical Society! Which is an impressive testamonial to the almost Herculean abilities, popularity and tireless activism of the IRSP's co-founder. Small wonder that Thomas Ta Power, in an introduction to his critical study of the Irish Republican Socialist Movement, described the loss of Seamus Costello as "incalculable!"The IRSP's first (temporary) National Executive included the following activists:. Sean Flynn (Belfast). Manuel McIlroy (Belfast). John McAlea (Belfast). Charlie Craig (Belfast). Seamus O'Kane (County Derry). Terry Robson (Derry City). Joe Sweeney (Derry City). Benadette McAlisky (County Tyrone). Johnny White (County Donegal). Seamus Costello (Wicklow). Thomas McCourt (Wicklow). Theresa Gallagher (Dublin). Anne Webb (Dublin)Tragically, the vengefull Official IRA in true gangster fashion, sent one of their mercenaries to brutally murder Seamus Costello, in Dublin in October, 1977. Arguably, the IRSP took many years to recover from the tragic loss of Seamus Costello. The man known as the Boy General, for his leadership abilities stretching back to his involvement in the South Derry area during the IRA's 1950's campaign nown as Operation Harvest. Costello's murder was a tragic loss to Republican Socialism and Ireland as a whole. However, the principles and ideological rationale for the IRSP did not die with Costello that day in Dublin's North Strand and remain as relevent today as they were in 1974!The IRSP's interregnum There is no shortage of literature about Irish Republican Socialism, unfortunately, a significant proportion of it is sensationaist semi-fiction. Where the INLA was concerned, tabloid hacks and the gutter press went into overdrive to land metaphorical kicks on an organisation, which they mistakenly thought was going through it's death throws! There are also official party histories of the Irish Republican Socialist Movement which I will provide links to elsewhere, which are much more comprehensive and better written than this short article. Unforunately, the tabloid paperback, Deadly Divisions, has become many less discerning readers' reference point, for the IRSP. It is worth noting that at least one of the authors was a longterm supporter of the Officials, an organisation that had a vested interest in seeing the destruction of the Republican Socialist Movement and whose armed hitmen were responsible for the murder of many IRSP memebers, including that of the co-founder, Seamus Costello! Just as the murder of the co-founder of the IRSP, was intended to fatally wound the Republican Socialist Movement and cause internal strife, so was the sensationalist contents of Deadly Divisions. The title in itself of that paperback pseudo-history, by Messrs McDonald and Holland, could accurately be taken as their fundamental statement of intent!However, the tabloid nature of that infamous book can not be accurately countered by indulging in Revisionism and it would be fair to say that the relatively early years of the IRSM, were dogged with difficulties and excesses, in the most difficult and unforgiving of circumstances. Arguably, one of the greatest triumphs of the Republican Socialist Movement is that it actually survived through that period of interregnum, which included constant attacks from enemies both within and without! Even prior to it's birth, the forces of Reaction and Imperialism tried at every juncture to terminate its gestation. Soon after the announcement of the formation of the IRSP and in nearly every year since, the forces of British Imperialism, the Free State's full resources and Counter-Revolutionaries, of all hues have used every opportunity, to attempt to crush, the authentic heirs to the politics of James Connolly! British Imperialism feared the INLA's guerillas, just as much as their Free State lackeys and Gombeen-Capitalists, feared the party's revolutionary Socialist message! A plethora of underhand and Machiavellian means were used in State-sponsored attempts to annihilate the Republican Socialist Movement. Since its first breath in 1974, the IRSP has been viciously attacked in one way or other by:. Every regiment in the British Army, including the SAS and other so-called Special Forces;. The RUC's various units, including the E4a Shoot-to-Kill deathsquads;. MI5;. MI6;. The Free State police, including the now infamous Heavy Gang and Gardai Task Force;. The Loyalist deathsquads of the UDA/UVF/LVF/RHC ;. The Official IRA;. The Provisional IRA;. The IPLO;. Paid perjurers, in so called 'Supergrass' Showtrials and other court cases;. State-sponsored agent provocateurs, informers and assorted quislings, working for a variety of paymasters including the RUC, MI5, MI6, MoD and the Gardai;. Prison guards in British and Irish gaols;. The pro-Brit media;. The Freestate media;. Provisional Sinn Fein;. Fianna Fail;. Fine Gael;. The SDLP;. The Workers Party;. Labour Party;. The various shades of Ulster Unionism;. And of course, Revisionist academics, tabloid hacks and mainstream broadcasters, to name but a few! But the party has remained intact. It may have struggled desperately at times, but it has always rallied back with energy to spare!To be continued..... Iskra 03/08/2010(Nb:This article is my understanding of the Irish Republican Socialist Party & my perceptions of it. This article should not be viewed as an IRSP project, sanctioned by that party nor a comprehensive 'history'. Plenty has been written about the IRSM so this is not in 'competition' nor is it intended to be controversial.)vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (1)Funny Awesome (3)Beautiful (1)Eddie Mcgarrigle: Ireland's DreyfusBrian Nelson: FRU Agent 1033 CommentsNo comments yet.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sitesRepublican Socialist videoIRSP IRSP VideoRadical Politics in Modern Ireland: The History of the Irish Socialist Republican Party 1896-1904Amazon Price: $28.94List Price: $57.50Irish Republican Socialist PartyAmazon Price: $49.99List Price: $51.00Political Parties Established in 1896: National Democratic Party, Irish Socialist Republican Party, Fusion Party, National-Social AssociationAmazon Price: $14.13List Price: $14.14William O'Brien, 1881-1968: Socialist, Republican, Dail Deputy, Editor, and Trade Union LeaderAmazon Price: $64.75List Price: $70.00Irische Partei: Sinn Fin, Green Party, Fianna Fil, Fine Gael, Irish Labour Party, Socialist Party, Republican Sinn Fin, Parteien (German Edition)Amazon Price: $14.14Articles by IskraNo articles found in the RSS feed.Forget the myths, Adams didn't trade lives for votesBelfast Telegraph4 days agoIt is a historical feature of Irish republicanism that rival factions have vied for the status of legitimate claimants to the republican mantle, utilising republican icons both from the living and deceased in pursuit of that objective. Related Stories One year on and poverty is now the big killer in Haiti Northern Ireland ministers must stop blaming Troubles for our woes No toffs except on telly ...Man arrested in dissident probeBBC News3 days agoA 43-year-old man is arrested in Maghera, County Londonderry, as part of an investigation into dissident republican terrorist activity.Dissident terrorist probe arrestU TV3 days agoA man has been arrested in the Maghera in relation to republican terrorist activity.Articles By IskraJustice For Robert LewandowskiA terrible injustice was visited upon a Belfast homeless man, Robert Lewandowski, who was jailed on the 29th of December 2010 at thelocal Magistrates Court, for the simple reason that he sought shelter in an... - 8 days agoWater Shortage Chaos in North of IrelandFollowing the near Arctic conditions that Ireland experienced in the run-up to the Christmas period of 2010, the North ofIreland is now experiencing severe water shortages! Many homes in the Northern 6... - 10 days agoJulian Assange - The USA's LitvinenkoThe Western Superpower's 'Litvinenko'  Julian Assange and Wikileaks have figured heavily in news headlines globally for over a month. Perhaps not surprisingly, the serious allegations against Assange have... - 12 days agoIreland's White Christmas ChaosChristmas 2010 has seen Ireland experiencing the coldest weather in at least a generation! For almost a week temperatures have not risen above freezing, most areas are covered in snow and Western Ireland has... - 2 weeks agoHelium Gas TragedyIn November 2010 a 13 year old schoolgirl, Jordan McDowell, from Monkstown near Belfast, died from the effects of inhaling Helium gas used for inflating party balloons. Up until Jordan's tragic death the... - 3 weeks agoI.R.S.P 2011 Calendar - Now Available!The Irish Republican Socialist Party's 2011 calendar is now available!  The Irish Republican Socialist Movement 2011 calendar contains images of IRSP activism throughout the year, memorials to INLA Volunteers... - 4 weeks agoThe  I.R.S.P - Radical Irish RepublicanismThe Irish Republican Socialist Party has, since it's formation in 1974, always been the most radical and progressive grouping within Irish Republican politics. Since it's foundation the Irish Republican... - 4 weeks agoBelfast DoorstaffBeing a 'Bouncer', or 'Door-Supervisor' as it is now officially called during the era of regulation and registration, has always been a thankless task, with few perks, work related benefits or employer... - 5 weeks agoLinks to the IRSP on internetIrish Republican Socialist Roll of Honourrepublican socialist downloads: click on a download categoryIRSM Links in SolidarityDublin IRSPIRSP ForumIRSM shop88iskra1916From Belfast, Ireland.124 Followers155 HubsJoined 14 months agoRead more hubs by iskra1916Contact iskra1916Follow iskra1916Subscribe to iskra1916's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk iskra1916 a question based on this Hub.Related Questionswho was responsible for India's division in two countries? Had it been better if India was undividedasked by crusador 16 months ago7 answersAnswer this questionIs there anybody out there old enough or interested enough to miss silent films? Care to write a...asked by wingedcentaur 3 months ago0 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsThe Starry Plough - The Flag Of Irish Republican Socialismby iskra1916A Guide To Dissident Republicansby iskra1916James Daly, 22 yrs old shot by British Army at Wellington...by viking305New Spain: The First and the Last - Things You Never Knewby Patty Inglish, MSThe INLA Announcement On Weaponsby iskra1916I.R.S.P 2011 Calendar - Now Available!by iskra1916 Ireland Political and Social Issues ForumTopicRepliesWhats the Answer to this Problemposted by theirishobserver.16President Ordered Murder of Young Motherposted by theirishobserver.10'The Lisbon Treaty -Ireland October 2nd- Yes or Noposted by ScarletRyan197024Post a new topicTagsjames connolly irsp pla irish republican socialist party british imperialism inla Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.555 sec)  working