Dear Sarah PalinHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   Dear Sarah Palin61rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy NJoGSarah, Go Home! Go back to Alaska.I do not want you as a role model for my grand daughters!You are not qualified to be Vice President of the United States of America. Who are you kidding? Shooting skeet and breast-feeding at the same time does not qualify you as a multi-tasker-ette for a position in the White House which puts you one heartbeat away from the Presidency.You did not "kill" the bridge to nowhere, congress did that, you stinker-ette! But, you did keep the money, didn't you? Your oldest son had to join the US Army due to a court order due to his drunkeness and vandalism activities. Sure, he's being sent on over to Iraq, but, so is Joe Biden's son being sent over to Iraq. Difference there is Biden's son is going over to be part of JAG Corps (Judge Advocate General, which strikes as much fear into the heart of an officer as it does an enlisted man), and not under a court order. Biden's son is the current soon to be former state attorney-general. Your older son spent his time in Michigan for what year(s) of his high school education?People of this country are sick and tired of being lied to. You're just one more person who chooses to perpetuate those lies. In these days of instant media and being able to find the facts, you have failed to pull the wool over the eyes of almost all of us.Go home to Alaska, Sarah, tell the Secret Service (and, I bet you don't even know of which governmental department the Secret Service is part!) to head on back home and just keep wearing those black raincoats as they run along slow-moving cars.You did not give any tax or "oil" money back to the citizens of Alaska that hasn't been returned for over 30 years! That was not your idea, but it was your lie.At first you said you had nothing to hide, sure you'll meet with an interviewer. Now, McCain's campaign is paying for attorneys to postpone anything RE: "Troopergate". What do you have to hide? If you had any smarts and chutzpa, you'd just do it and get it done. Instead, you're doing it the way the ole Bush administration has done it = stonewalling.Go home, Sarah, just go home. Alaskans should be ashamed of you, if they are not now, they should be tomorrow morning.Senator John McCain, bless his little heart, is so desparate to be president he will do almost anything.And, you should have done your homework. John McCain is a great fella, but he is not a national hero. Technically, he is a POW survivor, that's it. No one knows for what meritorious achievement and gallantry in action he was awarded the Silver Star. That's something I'd want to know if I was asked to be his 2nd.And, I talked to a USA Marine (Marines always go in first, but the Navy moves the mud) who was on a ship at the end of McCain's career -- one that had been mothballed and was under steam to a museum ... the ship McCain skippered to get his O6 paygrade. After all, McCain graduated 5th from the bottom of his class at Annopolis and has always had something to prove.  (In the US Navy, one must skipper a ship to have an O6 paygrade (Captain). I guess after all the planes with which McCain screwed-the-pooch, the powers that be didn't feel comfortable giving him an active Bird Farm (aircraft carrie)r to skipper, eh?Go home, Sarah, just go home.vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Rants: Dear Mr RingKnocker Senator McCainCommentsmarisuewrites2 years ago EXCELLENT RANT NJoG --- I agree - and I believe Palin is going to be in great trouble with her trooper gate and all her lies...why would we want to start a new presidency with this bagage??We all need to keep speaking and yelling about McCain/Palin's lie after lie after lie. They are their own worst enemy!!thumbs way UPPP!NJoG2 years ago LOL  not much call in the job description of USA VP to put a bounty or two on the severed paws of wolves, polar bears, other bears being shot with a rifle from a fixed-wing plane, eh?laringo2 years ago I couldn't agree with you more on Sarah Palin. I do not know for sure but I think she has been in the right place at the right time and she doesn't care whose toes she steps on as long as she gets her way. She should have been an actress for that interview with Charlie Gibson. Was it just me or was she trying to pull the crap over the American people's eyes. I know John McCain chose her to get votes....purely political.Jack Burton2 years ago Sarah Palin is pro-choice. Doubt me? Do you really think she'd disagree with anything on this hub?http://hubpages.com/hub/For-Women-Only----A-PictorNJoG2 years ago laringo, thanks for comment.  yeh, Caribou Barbie reminds of that ole Glenn Frey tune, "I've Got Mine".  What goes around comes around, but, what disappoints me is I probably won't be present to see it happen -- I'd wear a cheerleading costume if I could watch it.NJoG2 years ago Jack, LOL.  I checked out your Hub above -- Great Hub!  Thanks for your comment, Sweet Fella!allshookup2 years ago Your hub was well written. But I am a Palin supporter. I agree for what she stands for. And I think there's so much out there trying to make her look bad that it's hard to know if what is written or said is true. So, I look more at the things she's actually done and said herself that I have seen her say myself vs the rumors people are making up to make her look the way they want her to look. So many lies are rampant this election. Very sad. I am pro-life, pro-gun, pro-drilling, pro-family, pro-Christian. So, those are the things I admire about her. I was looking at voting for Bob Barr until she was named VP running mate for McCain. I had rather not have a woman in that high an office. I feel that it's a man's territory. But, with the people running and looking and where she stands, vs where they stand,  I feel she is the best choice we have to chose from. I admire any vet that went to war and especially those who are POWs. My uncle went to Vietnam. 2 tours. So, from talking to him, any man who went and stood for our country should be thanked for what they have done for us. Their lives were on the line. We may not have agreed with the war, but they went because our leaders sent them. So we owe them a debt of gratitude for obeying the people the American voters put in office. It was their job. And any Vet of any war out there reading this, I just want to say.........Thank you for all you have done for our country! I appreciate it greatly!NJoG2 years ago I am a old Navy wife, a Navy mother, a Navy aunt twice over.  My first cousin, Captain Rick retired from USAF SAC in AUG 1984.  My Uncle Ray was US Army 102-AA.  Three of my high school friends served in Vietnam, they came home in body bags.That's fine if you like Sarah Palin.  That is your perrogative.  However, someone who puts a bounty on animals to be shot from a plane and their severed paws brought in for proof; claims she's the only one who gave all those oil company residuals back to the people of Alaska when that's been happening for over 30 years, claims she said thanks but no thanks to the bridge to nowhere when actually congress killed it, but she kept the money, asks for praises for her son as he is being sent to Iraq cuz he signed up for the US Army when he was court-orderd to enlist in the Army, and the list goes on.allshookup, You don't need someone else to be a hero for you.  You don't need anyone else to validate your existence.  The things I mentioned above are not lies, they are facts.  She just isn't experienced enough to be one heart beat away from the highest office in the land.  Bill Clinton can't run again, Regean is dead, Teddy R is dead, JFK is dead, so we've got a 72-year-old POW survivor with a bad temper who earned his bird skippering a mothballed ship to a museum spot and a 40-something Harvard Law grad and Law Professor who stays cool.Palin has charisma, but, being governor of a state with a population of 600,000 and in the midst of an investigation just is not my choice for VP.I join you in saluting all who have served our country.  They are our heroes.  They go where they are sent, they do as they are told.  They are the ones who keep us free.allshookup2 years ago Thank you for posting my post and not trashing me about it, I appreciate it. I'm sorry for your loss in Vietnam. And I admire that you're a Service wife and mother.Yellowburgandy2 years ago You totally lost me with this one.  I like Palin for the simple fact that she is a reformer and that she stands her ground without any fear as to what the media may say about her, and not changing her views because of fear of what one may say or think, the definition to that is Honesty.  Her daughter was pregnant before she was even told that she was the VP choice, she knew that going in and could have easily hid that, but chose not to, instead she and her daughter chose life, and that tells me yet again that she stands on her beliefs(regarding her belief in pro life)  I personally heard of residents of Alaska recieving 1200 dollars extra before Palin was VP choice, and those people were happy about it.  And I have always believed that under any circumstances that any individual serves our country to fight for our freedom and safety is a hero.  And don't you think that it is a little harsh for you to be telling the Alaskan people that they should be ashamed of her?  That is alot of people that you hold with that statement of judgement.  I appologize if I have been too harsh but I am sure that this is the kind of comments that you expected by writing this kind of thing.  As far as McCain is concerned, it is no big secret that he has been what some may call a rebel most of his life.  He is a Maverick, which means he aswell has no fear as to what the media or the public might say about him and gets the job done.NJoG2 years ago allshookup!  bless your sweet heart!  i would not ever trash you for disagreeing with me.  that's one of the many great things about the USA - freedom of speech; it's a consitutional right (not a privilege, i.e., a driver license, but a RIGHT).  we each get to say what we think and believe.  only those who are very naive or greatly arrogant expect every person to agree with him or her, then get his/her knickers in a twist when every person does not.NJoG2 years ago Yellowburgandy, thank you for your comment!-- Oh, I am certain you'll find your way back from being lost at some point ... eventually. Please keep in mind, what is sauce for the goose is sauce for gander, so, please, tighten up your chin strap.-- I disagree with you. Palin is not a reformer, she couldn't even sell the "luxury jet" (which transported prisoners) on eBay, she had to find a private buyer and sold it at a loss -- that's not reforming, that's stupid bookkeeping. And, RE: no fear equals honesty. No, fear does not equate to honesty. Honesty is telling the truth no matter what and taking the heat. Having no fear of what others may say or think when one is in the political arena is arrogance ... yanno, "I'll tell you what I want you to hear and know, and if you don't believe me, you are stupid and not well enough educated, because, I am smarter than you are. nanner, nanner."-- The fact her daughter is a minor and is pregnant out of wedlock is perhaps a sign of bad parenting. (They did try to hide that, reason the older daughter always held the youngest child on the stages at the beginning, and always covered herself with baby blankets when someone else took the child to hold.) And, the fact they each, Palin and her daughter, have chosen pro-life is fine, but, that does not mean that must be the choice for every woman. The right to choose is a personal thing for each woman who can walk and breathe at the same time. Our soldiers, airmen, sailors and marines fight every day to defend the Constitution (it's the oath they take) and to keep us free, and pro choice is only one of these freedoms. What kind of role model is Palin for young girls? "That's ok, honey, do whatever you want, it will be just fine, because the governor of Alaska says so."Coming from a family who has scruples and good morals, I was married for over 2 years before I had my first child; and both of my sons have the same father. Palin's free love attitude is not good enough for me, I have 5 grandchildren, 3 of them girls, and I think they deserve better and more, much more.-- My husband spent a good deal of time in Alaska as sales representative for Warn. The citizens of Alaska have been receiving revenue dividends from the oil companies for over thrity years; this was not solely Palin's gift to/deal for the people of Alaska.-- It is a fact her oldest son was enlisted in the Army under court order; his being deployed to Iraq is no brainer, this country is engaged in two wars simultaneously. However, I do not recall Palin having served the country of the United States of America. It is our military, all three branches (Army, Air Force, and Navy (Marines belong to the Navy and so does Coast Guard during times of war)) who keep us free, not a governor of Alaska who claims foregin policy experience because Russia is on the other side of the straits, and the governor of Alaska does send out planes to keep an eye on any Russian aircraft that may use the USA air space -- NORAD does that. (Yanno, NORAD, North American Aerospace Defense Command SEP 1957 at http://www.norad.mil, the ones who track Santa every year? http://www.norad.mil/about/Santa.html) Palin is a bright gal, good looking, but, she does not have what it takes to hold office of Vice-President of the United States of America, which is only one heart beat away from the Presidency and impeachment takes too long.--Yes, those are quite a few people I may hold with that statement of judgement, eh? All about 670,053 of them in the entire state of Alaska, yanno, about 189,947 less than those who live in the city in which I live -- Portland, Oregon.-- Actually, no, I did not expect harsh words from anyone in a comment to an article that is mine; comment, yes; harsh, no. Stating one's opinion is one thing, jumping in someone else's poo because they read an article which addressed issues upon which the reader did not agree could be considered childish and rude. But, then, some people cannot help being like summertime when school gets out = NO CLASS.-- There's that no fear thing again. Yes, McCain gets the job done when he doesn't sit around like a potted plant. McCain used to get things done, but, in my opinion, the Senator John Sydney McCain III, Captain, USN Retired, we see now is not the same as most of us have known. He has always been a childish hot-head when he didn't get his own way, but, in the past 4 years his health has delined, his behavior has become erratic -- almost as if he has lost his way somehow. This is not someone the United States of America needs as the leader in the top-job-position of this country.Obviously you have an Internet connection, hence your ability to comment initially. Get yourself educated. A good place to start is votesmart.org. Register to vote if you haven't -- it's fast and painless. After you get yourself educated, vote!Yellowburgandy2 years ago Yes the people of Alaska has been recieving money before but Palin got them an extra 1200 dollars on top of that. As far as selling on ebay, it is not as easy as it sounds, alot of sellers on there takes a loss before they start profiting, have you tried to something on ebay? Palin does not have a free love attitude, she is pro life and the last that I heard her daughter is planning on marrying him. As far as Palin's forign policy experience I have to honestly say I do not know much on her but I do know that she has the backbone and strengthto be able to deal with anything that comes her way, but I am eager to watch the VP debate so that yes I can further educate myself on it. How has McCain's behavior become erratic?NJoG2 years ago Yellowburgundyk, hello, Gorgeous!I, too, am looking forward to the VP debate.  Please, don't get me wrong, I thinkj Sarah Palin is a great looking gal, a very smart gal.  I just do not believe or think she has what it takes to be VP of the USA.Yes, I have sold things on eBay, but, never tried to sell a "luxury jet" which transported prisoners who were extradited to other states, let alone sold one to a private buyer at a $300,000 loss.Sincerely, please?  Go out to the websites such as votesmart.org, and others who check all the facts on each presidential candidate and each vice-presidential candidate.  Don't be swayed by TV news shows, or even Saturday Night Live.  Learn the facts, then decide on your own instead of allowing anyone else (including me) to try and persuade you in a direction your heart does not want to go.As for McCain being erratic?  Perhaps unpredictable is a better word.  A few Mondays ago he announced the economy was fundamentally sound, then he announced we taxpayers had to cough up $700 billion to "bail-out" fat cats on Wall Street who are so selfish and greedy, and mentally challenged enough they are unable to poor pee out of a boot unless the instructions are on the heel.  McCain announced he had suspended his campaign, but he did not.  He announced he was flying into Wasthington, D.C. to correct the situation, he did not - he just mucked things up.McCain is a great fella.  McCain is unpredictable (erractic); one never knows what he will do next.  That unpredictability is necessary for a warrior, so the enemy never can guess what will happen next.  BUT, for a president of the USA, we need someone who is stable, consistent, able to have conversations with leaders of other countries instead of at them, and be able and willing to look them in the eye when he speaks to them.That's my take on situation of this most important upcoming election.  We have only two from which to choose = Obama or McCain, to get this country back on the right track.  Must you agree with me?  No, absolutely not, Sweetie.woolman607 months ago I just read your hub, and I must say it is one of the best hubs I have read about Palin, I agree with you 100%.Awesome article.Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites78NJoGFrom Tigard, Oregon34 Followers21 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by NJoGContact NJoGFollow NJoGSubscribe to NJoG's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk NJoG a question based on this Hub.Related Questions10 Sarah Palin Facts That Everyone Should Know Aboutasked by Ryan Hupfer 2 years ago1 answerAnswer this questionIs it feasible that Joe Lieberman will run for president in 2012 with Sarah Palin as his running mate again? They both consider themselves "mavericks". Justify your answerasked by fishskinfreak2008 2 years ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsRuth McClung Vs. Raul Grijalva : John McCain Cowboys Upby Ghost32It's Election DayHave You Voted Yet?by wannabwesternABORTION may influence AMERICAN PRESIDENTIAL RACEby einronBullwinkle & Sarahby PaulieWalnutsThe Sarah Palin Pin Phenomenonby Ghost32Sarah Palin's Alaska, Episode #6 : Potpourriby Ghost32Tagssarah palin jag inexperienced obstruction of justice go home sarah palin sent to iraq Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.191 sec)  working