Flooding across Long Island as historic 13 inches of rain falls at Islip - Newsday 
Flooding across Long Island as historic 13 inches of rain falls at Islip - Newsday


147686468041











Subscribe to Newsday


Today's paper











Today's paper / archives »
exploreLI Fun Book »
Recent covers gallery »
Special section »



My Newsday


Manage my account»
Subscribe to TV Weekly »


Subscribe to Newsday»
Manage my account»
Subscribe to TV Weekly »






Traffic alerts1



52 m ago  In Brentwood accident cleared on Sagtikos Pkwy NB at Pine Aire Dr/S3
In Brentwood accident cleared on Sagtikos Pkwy NB at Pine Aire Dr/S3


view traffic »


Islip, NY 75°

Current conditions

75°
Hi 79° Lo 63°
Scattered Clouds


Radar

Humidity: 53%
Wind: South 6 mph
Barometer: 30.00 Hg

Full forecast
Hour-by-hour
Local map



Register
Log in


Hi  


Preferences
Newsletters
Log out








is ranking the 75 most memorable TV casts ever.









 
Long Island
Sports
Entertainment
News
Lifestyle
Business
Health
Opinion
Jobs
Cars
Homes
Classifieds


Long Island NYC U.S. / World State Politics Tech Health Business Weird news AP Puzzles Columns

Find us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter

  
 






 Weather
Newsday > News



Reprints
Email
Print
Aa




Add comment









LI dries out after historic rainstorm

  
   	      Originally published: August 13, 2014 6:51 AM
      Updated: August 14, 2014 1:22 AM
	  
      By DARRAN SIMON, CANDICE RUUD AND PATRICIA KITCHEN
         darran.simon@newsday.com,candice.ruud@newsday.compatricia.kitchen@newsday.com 



























Roads across Long Island were flooded Wednesday morning, Aug. 13, 2014, by heavy rain that began overnight. The flooding snarled the morning commute and caused  delays and  cancellations on the Long Island Rail Road. (Credit: Newsday / Staff)​
 
Related media

		        	            LI rain totals
 		        	LI flooded as more than 13 inches of rain falls
 		        	Readers' photos of flooding
 		        	Video recap: Historic 13 inches of rainfall

		        	            Check power outages

		        	            Forecast


Travel deals


  Long Islanders were struggling with the aftermath of the historic weather event that had dumped double-digit amounts of rainfall Wednesday across parts of the area, flooding roadways, rail lines and basements. 
The National Weather Service's Upton office said 13.27 inches came down on Islip between 11 p.m. Tuesday and 10:30 a.m. Wednesday, and another third of an inch fell Wednesday evening.
The Northeast Regional Climate Center said "rainfall of this magnitude is only expected to occur once in a 200-year period." The monthly rainfall for Islip is now 14.03 inches, which beats the record for August, set in 1990 at 13.78 inches.

LIVE: Photos and updates from social media
MULTIMEDIA: Photos | Video
RAIN TOTALS: See how much rain fell in your area
STAY UPDATED: News alerts, newsletters | Twitter | Facebook

The result was massive flooding in some residential neighborhoods and several major roadways in Nassau and Suffolk counties Wednesday morning, along with delays on Long Island Rail Road trains. There was at least one storm-related death in Melville, police said, and Suffolk officers had to swim to rescue a man Wednesday morning who had driven into 6-foot deep floodwaters on a Coram roadway.
As of Wednesday night, parts of Sunrise Highway, the Meadowbrook State Parkway, Ocean Parkway and the Robert Moses Causeway were still closed due to flooding.
But on the rails, the Long Island Rail Road was expected to operate a normal morning commute Thursday, with no planned cancellations or delays. A spokeswoman said some LIRR waiting rooms in Babylon branch train stations -- such as Seaford and Freeport -- took on water during the height of the storm.
The water has receded, she said, but there will be some restoration required in the stations that were inundated by water.
Late Wednesday, Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo said the Department of Financial Services' mobile command center would be in Islip to provide insurance assistance to homeowners, renters, and businesses affected by the flooding. It will be at the Islip Town Hall parking lot, 401 Main St., from 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Thursday. The department's disaster hotline phone number is 800-339-1759.
The 13.57 inches was recorded at Long Island MacArthur Airport in Ronkonkoma and set a state record for precipitation in a 24-hour period, the weather service said.
According to a preliminary report, that amount breaks the previous mark of 11.6 inches recorded on Aug. 27-28, 2011, in Tannersville, during what the service referred to as Hurricane/Tropical Storm Irene.
Also reporting double-digit rainfall in Suffolk County locations were a weather service employee and trained spotters, with 12.57 inches recorded in Holbrook; 11.50 in West Islip; 11.35 in Bay Shore. Nassau saw 7.84 inches in Wantagh, 6.81 inches in Merrick, 5.30 in Lido Beach.
The one death that authorities said was weather-related was a fatal crash, on the westbound LIE in Melville, which occurred just before 5 a.m., during the height of the rainstorm.
The rain wreaked havoc on the Wednesday morning commute. Nearly every major roadway in both counties reported full to partial closures because of flooding as early as 4:30 a.m. Wednesday and until past noon, according to the state Department of Transportation.
Local roads were underwater as well. Suffolk County Sixth Precinct Police officers rescued an elderly man who became stranded in a flooded road in Coram Wednesday morning.
"Officers Thomas Wilson and Matthew Detleff were on northbound North Ocean Avenue conducting traffic control and diverting motorists due to extreme flooding, when a motorist apparently became disoriented" due to the road closure, a release said.
Anthony Monticciolo, 86, of Centereach, drove his 2008 Subaru into the flooded roadway "and his vehicle immediately became disabled" in waters 6 feet deep, which began seeping into his car.
The officers waded into the flooded roadway and swam to the victim's car, removing him and bringing him to safety, police said. He was uninjured, police said.
A PSEG Long Island spokesman said the utility considers the majority of Wednesday's outages to be weather-related. From midnight to 7:05 p.m. Wednesday there were 13,077 outages, and of those, 12,549 customers have had their power restored. As of 11 p.m., the remaining number of customers without power was down to 477.
The rains caused massive flooding in some residential neighborhoods.
Thomas Hall of Ocean Avenue in Massapequa woke up Wednesday morning to a flooded lawn.
"I opened the curtains and saw the backyard was like a lake," said Hall, 50, a retired correction officer.
He estimated the water had been about a foot and a half deep but a pump was working to drain off a low-lying portion of his yard Wednesday afternoon.
The storm flooded roads and basements in Rocky Point, Selden and Farmingville, and the lobby of Brookhaven Town Hall was closed for three hours because of flooding, Town Supervisor Edward P. Romaine said.
Romaine said he drove around town Wednesday morning observing "one flooding disaster after another" in northern and central sections of town. He estimated damage would be at least $1 million to $2 million.
The heavy rainfall also had an impact on water quality at local beaches, affecting bathing and shellfish harvesting.
Late Wednesday afternoon, the Suffolk County Health Department issued an advisory against bathing at 66 beaches until 7 p.m. Thursday as sampling is conducted because of the potential for elevated bacteria levels.
The Department of Environmental Conservation also closed shellfish harvesting in most towns in Nassau and Suffolk counties until officials determine hazardous conditions no longer exist.
With John Valenti, Gary Dymski, David M. Schwartz, Robert Brodsky, Mark Harrington, Ted Phillips and Carl MacGowan



Add comment




Please log in to comment. Civility matters; click here to read our commenting guidelines.
Log in


Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.
 












advertisement | advertise on newsday


Related Stories


 
 
Experts: Computer models can't explain rain  

Cops: Man dead in storm-related crash  
Storm recovery: Tips for homes, cars, insurance  



Newsday on social media 
Twitter
Facebook



@Newsday
Tweets from @Newsday/newsday-staff








Most popular

Stories
Photos




 
 
Cops: Driver in crash that killed dad was impaired teen 2:52 PM

DA: Special grand jury to hear Garner case 8/19/14
$21,000 falls off truck after casino pickup 8:52 AM
Boat explosion at marina kills 1, injures 1, officials say 2 m ago
LI schools win $7.9M for full-day pre-K 8/19/14




 

Liv Tyler, HBO co-stars visit Malverne  8/19/14

Mets vs. Athletics 5:17 PM
Yankees vs. Astros 8/19/14
Metal detectors at Yankee Stadium  
David Letterman's notable guests  

 




advertisement | advertise on newsday






 







Services
Join us on Facebook
Join us on Twitter
Sign up for news alerts
Sign up for newsletters
Get ourApps
Newsdaymobile


Our Network
Explore Long Island
Long Island Towns
am New York 
Newsday Cars
The Hometown Shopper
Newsday Homes
CareerBuilder
News 12
Optimum
Newsday Connect
MSG Varsity




Site Map | Privacy Policy | Your ad choices | Terms of Service | Home Delivery Terms | Contact Newsday | Careers | Reprints & Permissions | Media Kit | Advertise with Newsday | Help   Copyright ©  Newsday. All rights reserved.
 


 


  





























Hide Toolbar 

Follow us
Submit

Photo
News
Video
Event


RSS
Today's most popular
My headlines

Register


Log in


My Profile


Log out








