Brian Miller Vs. Gabrielle Giffords : One Thousand ViewsHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesUnited States PoliticsBrian Miller Vs. Gabrielle Giffords : One Thousand ViewsBrian Miller Vs. Gabrielle Giffords : One Thousand Views75rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Ghost32We The People AwakenALERT!! BRIAN MILLER SUSPENDS CAMPAIGN!! DETAILS HERE!!Amazing. Interest in Brian Miller for Congress is wa-ay up there! I began writing anti-Gabrielle Giffords material in March, and those hubs did get a few views here and there...but wait. My first pro-Brian Miller piece was published July 21, 2010--and as of this moment (9:44 p.m., July 31), searchers have viewed those pages 1,044 times. Whoa! That explosion in readership took just ten days, folks. Ten. Days.My pro-Sarah Palin articles took 48 days to top 1,000 views. Forty-eight days and 30 articles to boot! (Miller and/or Giffords story total to date: Just 12.) Wow. Okay. A caveat. We are getting closer to the Republican primary election on August 24, that's for sure. Mark your calendars! Call Aunt Polly, ask her if she'll be needing a ride to the polls! Volunteer! (*Pant! Pant*)Oops. Sorry about the hyperventilating.Certainly there are plenty of reasons for people's obvious enthusiasm for Constitutional conservative Miller as a candidate in the Arizona CD8 race for a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives. If you're new to this particular contest, though, it might be nice to have an example. So, let's talk about...Health Care.As every thinking voter in America has at least begun to realize by now, Obamacare is a putrid swamp filled with venomous tax-snakes, individual-mandate-alligators, and even--as I personally analyzed in a piece titled Health Care Law Does NOT Tax The Rich!!--a malarial-mosquito penalty designed to directly destroy the middle class. Representative Gabrielle Giffords almost literally danced in the streets after Health Care Deformed was jam-crammed into law. She's been one of this menace's cheerleaders from the get-go, sort of a Katie Couric type with ObamaPomPoms rooting for her socialized medicine home team. No help there. The storm is about to break, and all she can do is help make it worse. See all 5 photosThe storm is about to break.Punching Out The PeopleWhat about Jesse Kelly? Well, yeah, what about Jesse? I'm not against ex-Marines. One of my favorite nephews did three tours in Iraq as a Marine, learning Arabic in the process and returning to civilian life as the only member of his original boat company to avoid a body bag or at least a serious enough wound to merit a Purple Heart. Marines are awesome. Never go to war without them.But not all Marines are created equal. To borrow my stepson's favorite term for a guy without a lot of mental acuity, Kelly is a bag of hammers. "Send a warrior to Congress", he says, and yeah, he likes to fight. I couldn't get my cheap digital camera to clearly show it, but if you get the same flyers in the mail that I do, take a close look at the knuckles of his right hand. This dude likes to hit stuff, and two of those knuckles show it. Sure, he says "Repeal Obamacare" in his campaign literature. Anybody who wants even an outside chance of gaining a Republican nomination for Congress this year has got to say that. What he does not say is how he intends to do that. Quite frankly, I don't for one second believe he's got a clue. Just as Jonathan Paton is political history because he never thought his big-spending, money-lusting, Payday Paton ways would ever catch up to him in a "mere" Congressional race, Jesse Kelly is a TDOT, a Teleprompter-Dependent Obama Type. No help there. Jesse Kelly.  My snapshot is too fuzzy to see it.  If you got this flyer in the mail, though, take a close look at the knuckles of his right hand.  He likes to hit stuff.  The Jet JockeyBrian Miller presents an entirely different picture. First of all, he doesn't just go around saying "Repeal Obamacare". As he reminded me in our first-ever face to face session at the Palominas/Hereford Tea Party meeting just twelve days ago, the correct response to Obamacare and a top priority for The Freshmen Fifty (founded by Brian, incidentally) is to defund and then repeal Health Care Deformed. Because unlike King Kelly, whose only cards in this game are a willingness to fight and an ability to stir up money (where have we seen that before?!), candidate Miller has the brain power to do his homework...and he's done it. He not only has a college degree, but it just "happens" to be in Political Science...earned on (get this!) a USAF scholarship!Do you have any idea just how sharp you have to be to even fly a U.S. warplane in combat, let alone move up the ladder to the rank of Major and become a Senior Flight Instructor for the A10 (Warthog)? No?Okay. Neither do I.But here's something to consider: The cockpit alone--all those gauges and lights and --you'd-better-not-do-it-wrong-or-else--thingamajigs--would be enough to send the average man running with his tail between his legs, yipping like a coyote puppy with a jaguar on its tail. [SPECIAL NOTE: A reader has kindly pointed out that my friend couldn't have flown a Tomcat, that having been a Navy warplane, not a USAF machine. My memory is clearly "off" on that important detail. But the key point is still valid....] A close friend of mine, and for some months in 1991 my employee, retired from the U.S. Air Force as a Light Colonel. He'd been a wing commander, piloting F-14 Tomcats. He once told me about the lone error he'd made in the cockpit during his 22 years of service.It happened as he was readying for takeoff from the flight deck of a carrier. For one split second, never before and never again, he had what we in the trucking industry refer to as a brain fart. His plane was moving forward, still on the deck, when he hit a wrong switch.And dropped his bombs on the deck. Fortunately for the lives of everyone on that ship, he hadn't armed the bombs yet. They didn't detonate.But he spent a very, very long time with his heels locked in front of the Commander's desk.Truly, if a guy has earned both a Poly Sci degree and the trust of his superiors in a Warthog, he's got it goin' on. Perhaps the grassroots rising in his favor should have come as no surprise.At the very least, he's got my vote. F14 cockpit.Brian Miller for Congress.A10 cockpit.  vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful (2)Funny (1)Awesome Beautiful  Brian Miller Vs Gabrielle Giffords: Brian Miller Vs. Gabrielle Giffords : Grassroots Brian Miller Vs Gabrielle Giffords: Brian Miller Vs. Gabrielle Giffords : Fear FactorCommentsPamela995 months ago Thanks for an interesting hub with a lot of information that I had not known.Ghost325 months ago Thanks, Pamela.  That's what we're here for!Concerned5 months ago Where does Mr Miller stand on amnesty for illegal aliens?Cathy5 months ago I enjoy reading your articles Ghost.  Thanks for supporting a good man.  Brian Miller is the candidate to beat Giffords!  And like my 7 year old nephew says, "A10 Warthog!  COOL!"  Brian Miller, the sound of freedom!Undecided5 months ago Your article has convinced me!  Brian's our man for Washington.Ghost325 months ago Concerned, Brian is NOT in favor of amnesty.  But beyond that, he's the ONLY candidate with a COMPREHENSIVE border plan--the others are merely mouthing Republican talking points.  Empty suits, as it were.His website has a lengthy page covering a lot of this at:http://brianmillerforcongress.com/home/2010/07/23/I've also written a hub on the topic--not amnesty specifically, but a brief overview of how Brian's plan would work once Mexican nationals residing in this country realize there's a real advantage FOR THEM in going home (to Mexico) and then getting in line to do everything the legal way.  That hub is here:http://hubpages.com/hub/Brian-Miller-On-Border-IssSome of us pressed Brian pretty closely in that Tea  Party meeting, and he was quite clear that he's NOT in favor of any policy which rewards people for breaking the rules.Cathy, your nephew is spot on.  The A10 Warthog is DEFINITELY cool.  Unless you happen to driving an enemy tank, that is.  Tanks purely hate those Warthogs!Undecided, you made my day.Donald Duck5 months ago By the way, if who referred to as a Light Colonel retired from the Air Force, he didn't fly Tomcats.  That's the US Navy.  The Air Force doesn't have those.Ghost325 months ago Donald Duck, thanks for this correction.  It admittedly startled me to read that, but it didn't take a lot of online fact checking to see that you have it exactly right.  Looks like my memory is off on that particular detail.  It was definitely the Air Force from which he retired.  My first thought is that I've gotten it the F14s confused with the Wild Weasels or some such, but the only way I can be sure on this one is to go to the source.Haven't seen my friend since early 2006 but will have to get in touch with him, find out the correct fighter designation.Donald Duck5 months ago No worries, Ghost32.  The Air Force does have F-15's which look a lot like the Tomcat.  Sometimes Navy pilots and Air Force pilots get real ticked when their birds are misnamed.  No biggie to me, just didn't want you getting angry comments from either Navy or USAFGhost325 months ago Thanks for the additional info, Donald.  Yeah, I can just bet the jet jockeys don't appreciate us ground pounders mistaking an eagle for a cat.Of course, if it was an F-15, then it wasn't during the Vietnam War that he had his "bombs on deck" incident, either (since the F-15 Eagles didn't see service until later).  Which could in itself be a simple enough memory glitch:  He WAS in service back then, but didn't get out until around 1990.  I did see photos of him with his plane (way cool!), but that was in 1991, so...?Either way, during actual combat or a "mere" training run, that wouldn't have been a very happy Commander! Can you imagine HIM having to explain to the Admiral if those bombs had gone off and he had somehow miraculously survived to take the heat?"Commander, please, PLEASE explain to me one more time how you managed to get your own ship blown to the bottom of the sea by YOUR OWN PILOT?"Talk about your friendly fire....Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites97Ghost32From Hereford, Arizona731 Followers574 HubsJoined 2 years agoRead more hubs by Ghost32Contact Ghost32Follow Ghost32Subscribe to Ghost32's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Ghost32 a question based on this Hub.Related Questionswhat if every body in the state of fl. refused to not go along with this bill 550. also do you...asked by kirby rushing 3 weeks ago0 answersAnswer this questionWhat is it with all of these dead fish and birds in the US.? What is killing these animals and why?asked by Dave Mathews 2 days ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsBrian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton:  The Fix...by Ghost32Green Gabrielle Giffordsby Ghost32Brian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Military...by Ghost32Brian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Jonathan Paton : Miller...by Ghost32Brian Miller Vs. Jesse Kelly Vs. Gabrielle Giffords Vs. ......by Ghost32The Tea Party : Impact Vs. Durabilityby Ghost32 United States Politics ForumTopicRepliesRumor: Michele Bachmann considering White House bid posted by I am DB Cooper103"Sources: JOHN EDWARDS' engagement rumors false": MSNBCposted by fishskinfreak20080Sen. McCain Needs to Retire. What Do You Think?posted by Paul Wingert20Post a new topic450 more topics Tagssarah palin obamacare katie couric purple heart giffords a10 warthog Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.267 sec)  working