Independent Voter - Old Soldier view of Afghanistan WarHubPages sign inconteststart a new hubmy account joinhelpbrowse TopicsHubsAnswersHubbersForumsFeedsitehubsmore   All TopicsPolitics and Social IssuesUnited States PoliticsU.S. MilitaryIndependent Voter - Old Soldier view of Afghanistan WarIndependent Voter - Old Soldier view of Afghanistan War57rate or flag this pageTweet thisBy Hmrjmr1(24 Sept 2009) As an Independent Voter and an Old Soldier Ifeel compelled to offer a view on the national debate brewing about the WarAgainst Terrorism being conducted in Afghanistan known also as OperationEnduring Freedom. I have until now hesitated to comment as I am writing thissafe in my office in Georgia, and my remaining son is not currently serving. Ido however have a deep empathy with the Mothers, Wives, Husbands, and Fathersand Children of those deployed and know too well the pain of losing those youlove when they are young. During my deployment to Iraq as a Morale Welfare and RecreationContractor I lost my wife to a blood cancer, and my youngest son to a caraccident, within the span of four years. There are no worse feelings in theworld than to bury your spouse except than to bury your child. While I was in Iraq Ifaithfully attended each memorial ceremony on my FOBs to pay my respects as aveteran and many times as a personal friend of the soldier remembered. So Ihave tried faithfully, and carefully to measure my words here.There are three elements in this debate that need to beaddressed. They are the Politics, the Strategy, and the Logistics. They all tietogether and either create, support, or undermine our national will tocontinue. Some history may be appropriate as well. The Politics- TheWar in Afghanistanwas begun on September 11th, 2001. The invasion of Afghanistanhappened a month or so later but the War began on that fateful and horrible daywe watched 3,000 of our citizens die on national TV. How did that happen? TheTaliban Government in Afghanistanharbored and abetted the terrorists of Al Quieda. Our current President duringthe campaign characterized it as a war of necessity. Our previous Presidentthrough Defense Secretary Rumsfeld poorly managed this war, and we are nowfaced with a resurgent Taliban and Al Quieda operating out of Pakistan. Arewe now to say oops we goofed that one up, OK you guys you can have Afghanistanback.? Make no mistake about it, that attitude will be the morale equivalentof blood in the water for the Taliban, if we even give a hint of this, ourtroops are gonna be in for an even tougher time. When the Soviet Union leftAfghanistan, the last convoy of troops and tanks heading home was attacked just5 miles from the border with devastating losses; when asked why they did thiswhen the Soviets were leaving the Taliban Commander said words to this effect,We want them to remember why they left.. My Adopted Unit The War on Terrorisim Morocco Says It Foiled Terrorist CellNew York Times4 days agoAuthorities arrested 27 people accused of operating a terror cell in the Western Sahara led by a member of the local branch of Al Qaeda.Arrests made in alleged plan to fire rocket into stadium in JerusalemCNN5 days agoIsraeli authorities arrested last month two local staff members of the British Consulate-General in Jerusalem in connection with an alleged plan to fire a rocket into a Jerusalem stadium during a soccer game, a British Foreign Office spokesman said Monday.Al-Qaida Targeting MoroccoOfficialWire36 hours agoAl-Qaida is plotting revenge on Morocco for supporting U.S. efforts in the global war on terror, a terrorist expert claims. Mohamed Darif, a Moroccan analyst specializing in militant Islam, said Moroccan authorities have dismantled about 70 terrorist cells in the country since 2002.Philadelphia's new FBI head had a whirlwind New York stintThe Philadelphia Inquirer11 hours agoSeveral weeks after 9/11, the senior FBI agent in Harrisburg, George Venizelos, received an alarming tip: A terrorist planned to ride an Amtrak train from Philadelphia to the state capital, carrying an atomic bomb.W. Pa. man accused of biting 2 FBI agentsFox News3 days agoA western Pennsylvania man posted pro-terrorist songs and statements online under an alias and faces a detention hearing Thursday on charges he bit two FBI agents while carrying a loaded gun.Folks we have to get real and understand politically thatwe are in such a fight and that the enemy is as vicious and evil as any we haveever fought. This is not just about 9/11 anymore this also is about decidingweather or not we as a nation and we as free nations (NATO) are going to allowa political philosophy cloaked in religion, that is even more cruel and withmany of the same objectives, as the Nazis to continue to exist, perpetuateitself, and threaten the rest of the world with its terrorist guests.I think sometimes you have to do tough things, for no otherreason than because you are the guy who can. We may well be in this position ifour NATO allies do not have the resolve to continue. We also have to recognizeand steel our hearts that this fight is going to encompass generations of Americans and will have many bad days ahead.These are the politics of intestinalfortitude that we must come together and demonstrate as a nation. We cannotallow this evil to continue. We must defeat them in Afghanistanor we will end up fighting them here; America, pick one of the two thereare no other options.The Strategy-Thisis the area I have the least expertise in. I am on old Non-Commissioned Officerand all the strategy I ever needed was find the enemy and kill him. But I dorecognize that this is an over simplification. Strategy and politics are asentwined as threads in a piece of yarn. What I do know is that the currentCommander, Gen McChrystal is probably the best officer for the job at thismoment in history. He has a unique career that has prepared him for thiscommand better than any before him. He has asked for more troops among manyother things and has put together a well reasoned plan based on over 30 yearsexperience in Special Operations. To the President and the rest of the countryI would listen loud and talk soft on this subject and support this Officer. The strategy of winning will not bring us an easy victorynor a swift one in this fight. Any who offer such a substitute just do notunderstand the problems with training people who are illiterate, who aresuspicious of your commitment to them, and who have lived so long under oneform of subjugation or another that they have developed a national batteredwife syndrome, the instinct to smell out who they think is the winner and goalong with them to survive. When survival of yourself and your family is bynecessity your fundamental value, all politics go out the window. The necessarystrategy of NationBuilding must first beanchored in the security of the population and convincing them you will bethere to help and protect them into the future.So our national strategy must be two pronged, first nearterm stability and second long term economic progress and then political reformetc. Look for this in Gen McChrystals plan.Tied also in the Strategy are the Rules of Engagement, (ROE)these have recently changed and from what I have heard may be too restrictiveon the units conducting combat operations. While understanding the necessity toprovide the civilian population with some protections, we must first considerthe protection of our forces and the accomplishment of the mission. This is adifficult juggling act that we have faced in many areas and not always with agood result. (I was and am in fact proud that as American soldiers we tend to careat all and err on the side of fewer civilian casualties than more, it is one ofthe things that makes us better than the rest) I will leave the discussion atthat with the hope that it will be more closely reviewed where it needs to beand that is within the military. This is an area that requires the Command atall levels to weigh the benefits and risks to the troops and the mission andmake a tough choice. That is what we have trained and paid these commanders todo.The Logistics-There is a saying amongst the military that when folks get together and talkabout battles won and lost the amateurs talk about strategy and tactics; theprofessionals talk about logistics. I have a few friends both military andcivilian in Afghanistan,and logistics has been an issue, troops are not getting what they need wherethey need it and for that there is no excuse. The three Bs of Logistics areBeans, Bodies, and Bullets. It is fundamental for our military leadership tomake sure they are all where they need to be. Our troops can do seeminglyimpossible things when they have the tools to do it. It is a fundamentalobligation of the military command, the civilian leadership, and our nation asa whole to make sure our troops have what they need. Having said all that let me also explain to the generalpopulation that there are the necessities and the nice to have. When I wrotehome to my parents and later my wife I asked for cookies, toiletries, etc besent in care packages no matter where I was. In the current operations, many ofour troops are stationed on what are called Combat Outposts these are verysmall bases that may only consist of one building or several small tents. Surrounded by concrete T Wall Barriers orHesco Barriers, these are the places troops operate out of when they are ontraining missions or security missions. They may or may not have hot chow onsite, while MREs do have a heating element, its not the same as a good hotnot in a bag meal. The larger bases have PXs and it could be months beforethey get to go to one so the simple necessities become scarce. Mail howevergets to them somewhat regularly and it is a surer avenue of supply than theroad trip to the FOB is for most. Consequently they ask for those necessitiesto build up their stash when they can and to share with their buddies when theyare out. We (soldiers) are by are nature hoarders of these comforts and arealways on the look out for more. Now I want to be clear here, I am notminimizing the needs, I am just pointing out that troops are troops and this iswhat we do. To the nation I would say send more of everything, send more tillit hurts; get your kids to adopt a soldier through one of the many support programsand have them give up some allowance or undertake some job to help pay for it,teach them to do their part to support our troops in harms way. They arerisking everything for us, I believe it should be fundamental to the Americanpsyche that when ever, where ever our troops are deployed we support them asmuch through deed as we do through words. In summary our nation is at a crossroads, and one that willhave even wider implications than just the successful conduct of the war onterrorism. We ditched South  Viet Nam for many of the same reasons thatare being brought up now. (We abandoned Somaliaand Lebanonfor even less.) Viet Namwas a war where we never lost a battle; we spent eight years training the SouthVietnamese military, and then cut the legs out from under them when afterwithdrawing our troops the US Congress refused to give them the bullets andspare parts to fight with. That turned all the blood and sacrifice into awasted pile of rubbish that those of us who served during this time will neverforget.Our nations political leadership must review, and eitherendorse or modify, and proceed with Gen McChrystals plan in short order. I donot subscribe to the idea that our President has to take a great deal of timeon this, we pay for a large staff of subject matter experts, our nation electedhim to multitask on issues; so Mr. President light a fire under the butts ofyour staff and get done what you need to and proceed.It seems eight years is turning out to be our nationaloutside limit on our resolve to undertake the hard road. We get tired, and welet all things war related drift into the background of a 30 second spot on theevening news. We just want it to end and forget about the reasons we went inthe first place. Abandoning the people of Afghanistan now will have theeffect of setting in concrete the idea that we are sunshine friends that cannotbe counted on. It will give both Al Quieda and the Taliban a propaganda toolthat those who have to choose between fighting for their freedom and survivingtyranny will pay close attention to. That is the choice facing many around theworld today, not just in Afghanistan.Here though is where we must draw the line and say no to terrorism, no totyranny. Here and now we make our stand; here, now, and forever we must standfor freedom.Finally, a word about our troops. I recently attended aceremony at Fort Stewart Georgia and got to spend some moments talking to BrigadierGeneral Thomas Vandal, Deputy CG (Support) 3rd Infantry Division. Wetalked about the troops and the prevailing attitude amongst them aboutOperations in both Iraq and Afghanistan(elements of the 3rd Infantry Division are deploying to both areasof operations). Afghanistanin particular has a focus with our younger troops. Most of them watched the TwinTowersfall while they were in grade school all have chosen to serve in the militaryknowing full well they would more than likely be deployed. They are resolute intheir focus to successfully accomplish their mission. This is what soldiers do.I read an article not too long ago where the correspondenthad been with Marines through an ambush in Afghanistan and the troopscomplained about rules of engagement, the chow, and not enough ammo. He askedthe Sergeant in charge of this small unit after the fight, after they had takenwounded, if things could be any worse, his answer was Yeah we could have beenleft at Camp Le June. I think that is amessage that is both powerful in its spirit, and elegant in its simplicity;heed his message well AmericaJohn H Ellis Sr (USA, ret)Hammer Jammer 1We need the same resolve..Authors BioHmrjmr1 on HubPagesJH "Big John" AKA as Hammer Jammer 1 A simple man who loves God, Family, and Country...22yrs Service in US Army (now retired)9 yrs Service in USPS (resigned to serve in Iraq)Served as Contractor MWR Coordinator, Technician and Supervisor atvarious Forward Operating Bases in Iraq from Jul 2004 - Nov 2008. Nowdeveloping and publishing Hammerjammeru.comproviding Technical advice to MWR professionals and informationalarticles with (I hope) useful advice, ideas, and prespective for FamilyResource Groups (FRG) and deployed Contractors.Mail Services Supervisor at Joint Military Mail Terminal Joint Base Balad (JMMT JBB)Dec 2008 - Mar 2009 (now retired)Widwed from wife Zena in Oct 2005 after more than 23yrs of marriage.Father of two sons, Daniel -A young man who makes me proud just to know his name. John II -A wonderful personality who is now in the comfort of his mums loving arms. 1984 - 2008The Obstacles on the road both before us and behind us pale in camparison to those that lie within us.Fark ek Fidele - Uk PrasimSome pertanent Linkscontact The White House hereWhiteHouse.gov is the official web site for the White House and President Barack Obama, the 44th President of the United States. This site is a source for information about the President, White House news and policies, White House history, and the feStanley A. McChrystal - Wikipedia, the free encyclopediaUS army commander in Afghanistan asks for more troops in leaked report - Wikinews, the free news souDust-Up: Does the U.S. have a vital national interest in Afghanistan anymore? -- latimes.comToday's topic: Does the U.S. have a vital interest in the war in Afghanistan anymore? What are we to make of President Obama 's reluctance to increase troop levels there even though he has called Afghanistan a "war of necessity"?Here are some ways you can helpA Soldier has Heart,...Do You ?Well I have been keeping a close eye on what's been happening in Afghanistan, and whats not been happening. I seen some courageous congressman stand up and raise important questions regarding an exit...vote upvote downsharePrintflagWas this Hub ...? Useful Funny Awesome Beautiful Independent Voters View: An Independent Voters View: A Strong Case for Term LimitsIndependent Voters View: Health Care Hot Button 3 Leftist AgendaCommentsKen R. Abell15 months ago Big John a.k.a. Hammer Jammer 1 - Thank you for sharing from your heart & experience.  Very well done & very timely.  I hope the present administration listens to solid counsel like this.  Take care.Hmrjmr115 months ago Thank You sir! Let's hope they listen..Ralph Deeds15 months ago Well written Hub. I'm not sure where I stand on our action in Afghanistan. I'm not sure what we are trying to accomplish and how realistic those expectations are, let alone how long it will take and at what cost in lives and money. Are we trying to capture/kill al Qaida? Are we trying to destroy the Taliban and create a civilized democracy with women's and citizens rights? Are we trying to stamp out opium production? And I'm not sure that our actions in Afghanistan are actually reducing our exposure and that of our allies to terrorism. The events of the past couple of days seem to indicate that the terrorist danger is already here in the United States and our allied countries.Hmrjmr115 months ago Ralph Deeds- I do not think any one can answer The question of how long and at what cost? No one had these answers at the beginning of World War II or The Civil War or any other war in our history. You can only ask is what you stand for worth defending? As far as not being sure about reducing our exposure to terrorism I would invite you to consider how many attacks would likely have been planned and or conducted if our enemies had free reign and safe harbor in Afghanistan instead of a small part of Pakistan. The reasons they attack us are not because we are in Afghanistan or Iraq, (that is a convenient excuse)  they are attacking us because we are what we are and we stand for what we stand for. The have been against us and attacking us since 1980's 1979 if you consider the hostages in Iran.No sir I think every generation has to face down a great evil in the world and these folks are ours. I don't think it's any more complicated than that.Thank you for stopping by and expressing your view..wesleycox15 months ago This is the kind of message that needs to be put out and you did the best job I think anyone could have done.  All I can say is Amen to that.  They say once a soldier always a soldier, and I think you feel that way as you us in reference to the soldiers.  I think that is the coolest part about this whole message.  I can only hope that I too have the kind of dedication that is so evident in this wonderful hub, after I retire.Ralph Deeds15 months ago Yours is an honorable position. Al Qaeda has metastasized to Indonesia, throughout the Middle East, throughout Europe and as we've seen again this week to the U.S. I'm not sure what we are doing in Afghanistan is worth the cost, and I'm not sure it will be successful. I hope I'm wrong.The biggest worry is that if we fail in Afghanistan the Taliban will take over Pakistan and foment more trouble with India. India, not the U.S. is the country the Taliban dislikes. Much of the talk about Afghanistan seems to assume that the Taliban and Al Qaeda are one and the same. They are not. The Taliban provided a safe base for Al Qaeda, but they haven't promoted attacks on the U.S. outside of Afghanistan.Hmrjmr115 months ago Wesleycox- thank you for your comment, the oath to support and defend is a life time one, I'm sure you will always do your duty as you see it, and it presents itself. God Bless and stay safe lad.Hmrjmr115 months ago Ralph- Thanks again for responding but I think the argument that they are different is like trying to distinguish the Wermacht from the SS in WWII, they are both our enemy. If the Taliban were to succeed in Pakistan it opens up a Nuclear wild card that would threaten the world.I would ask you to consider this as for assigning guilt for the 9/11 attacks. IF I invite someone into my home allow him to use my shed to construct bombs, allow him to use my backyard to train people to attack and kill  your wife and kids. I let him use my telephone to transfer money to hire killers, and communicate with them. Am I not an accomplice to the crimes committed against you? What to you then is worth the cost of bringing me to justice? Where do you draw the line as to what is worth it or not?I submit you cannot draw that line and measure it as to weather it is worth it or not, like buying a car or evaluating some business proposition. You can only accept success or failure despite the cost of either. I contend that walking away now would be strengthening the Taliban and putting Pakistan at risk. It does not require ballistic missiles to deliver and detonate nuclear weapon against the United States, it only requires a tramp steamer and 10-15 people willing to die in the attempt. They would not even have get any closer than 10 or 20 miles off the coast of Seattle or Los Angles to do more terror and harm than most of the world have the capacity to imagine. I spent most of my career in the Army during the Cold War and preparation for nuclear war was a way of life. I can imagine it vividly and I caution you and my countrymen as whole against minimizing this risk.Finally thank you once again for commenting, I would also remind you that under the Taliban such a public discussion of weather the government is right or wrong, or a different religious view would be a prison or death sentence for us both. God Bless you.Army Infantry Mom15 months ago Hmrjmr1, this hub really gave me something to think about. I do suppose if we were to pull out of Afghanistan, there would be potential danger of the Taliban taking over Afghanistan, therefore giving them the motivation to take over Pakistan and begin stiring trouble in India. I guess with our Troops there, we have put the Taliban into an offesive position. I am not a trained Soldier so I cannot think like one, but I can listen with open ears to those who are trained.  However, I have asked the same questions Ralph Deeds have asked too. People say history repeats its self, and I have found that to be true,..if thats the case, what makes it different this time round that there will be success, when no other country has found success over there.As for General McChrystal, I do believe he probally is the best person suited for the job he has at hand. I give him credit for trying to reach out to the inoccent, that is the humane thing to do,..however, As a mom,..I want to be 100% sure, that my childs life is being protected to its fullest, and with the new "rules", I just see it as putting him in a no win situation. My son had mentioned to me many of times,.."Ma, you can't tell who is who". So if he and others can't distingish the good from the bad, and they are told to get out of the humvee's and walk around and meet and greet people, isn't that like russian rullette ? I know people are at their last wits with this war, I hear more and more from people saying, to just roll the bombs in, kill em all and let God sort them out. I haven't had thoughts to that exstreme yet however, I haven't lost my child over their either. Theres no crystal ball to see what the future holds, but I can say as long as we have Men and Women serving over there,..We as Americans, need to step it up, take some responsiabilty ourselve's and do what we can to support them !!! Awesome hub John !!!Hmrjmr115 months ago Army Infantry Mom- God Bless you and thank you for you comment. I have taken a great deal of time pondering your comment and I think what I read is a concern that because so many others have tried to occupy Afghanistan for whatever their reason, and have been unsuccessful that we should not attempt to continue in the face of the Taliban resistance because history will repeat itself.What Ralph and much of America leave out of the phrase in question is the first part. That is that those who fail to LEARN from history are condemned to repeat it. Now if our forefathers had used this warning in 1776 we would still be English, and subjects of the Queen. Since throughout the say 9776 years of human history that has gone before no rebellion based on democracy had ever succeeded.Even the democracy of the Greeks was founded not on one man one vote, but on a democracy of the Kings of each City State, and that went down the tubes with Alexander's father Philip. I for one am glad that instead they learned lessons from the failures and created this unique republic.As for the lessons in history of counter-insurgency operations, I could not do a good service to our troops or our country to talk of methods here that I ma not familiar other than to say, Gen Petraus, and Gen McChrystal are both subject matter experts. Gen Petraus put our troops out into the communities in Iraq in small units and on regular;  community patrols. The insurgents in Iraq did not wear uniforms either to my knowledge but our troops did find them and defeat them area by area once the local community saw and dealt with our soldiers every day.Both Generals have extensive Special Operations backgrounds, what that means is they both trained to organize and conduct insurgencies (this is one of the Green Beret missions) and the best way to fight an insurgency is to know how to operate one.For our troops that do not have this training for the regular infantry and others, that are trained to fight a known and designated enemy there is a big (and sometimes terrible) learning curve each time they deploy. But it gets shorter as deployments continue and multiple tours are completed. They learn more and more of the local culture, a little bit more of the language every time, and get better and better at it. It is a difficult job, it is this sort of tactic though that may have given a better result in Viet Nam.As for history take also a look at Alexander who to my knowledge was the only outsider in history to be successful in Afghanistan. He did so by incorporating them into his family through marriage and convincing them their success was tied to his. That is the lesson to learn for Afghanistan. That is what we must do in Afghanistan now; (convince them their success is tied to ours) and it cannot be done if we continue to wring our hands about weather or not we should be there at all.We must as a nation stop this argument and shift this energy to the intractable support of our troops and their mission. We did not give up at Bastogne when we sere surrounded, we did not give up at Khe San when were surrounded, I can go on and on with darker days than these in past wars when we did not give up our cause when history said all hope should be lost. That is not the American spirit or way that I know.Now that is not to say there should not be discussion, and even free debate about the methodology or the logistical support of our troops. They need their Commanders and us to ensure that they have the tools and training to be successful in their mission. As an old soldier and voter I demand this of our leadership and will be watching to make sure it is so. I hope you will join me in this and continue your Service this way AIM, again God Bless you, your family and your son...William R. Wilson15 months ago I was adamantly opposed to the war in Iraq.  But I felt like the Afghanistan war was justified and necessary.It has become a very complicated situation, unfortunately.  I am not sure our nation has the political will to win in Afghanistan, and I'm not sure that we even know what victory would look like there.  Your mention of Alexander's tactics might be the best path to victory.I would have much preferred a fast, violent, focused, total destruction of the Taliban.  I feel like we lost our focus when we went into Iraq.Unfortunately, here we are, and now we have to solve the problem that we should have solved immediately.Bless you for your service and your thoughtful analysis.Army Infantry Mom15 months ago Thank you Hmrjmr1,..you said something that I cannot shake (and thats good),..those who fail to LEARN from history are condemned to repeat it. You are right, I just never looked at it from that point of view. It get's really hard sometimes to see the light at the end of the tunnel,especially when I see my friends grieving over a loved one that has been KIA. I know the war in Afghanistan wasn't managed the way it should have been, perhaps your right with General McChrystal maby we will see a turn for the better. I was researching some of the examples you wrote about, during the researching I came across a letter with a written request from German General Luttwitz for us to surrender,  Brigadier General McAuliffe replied NUTS ! (another way of saying go to hell) Against all odds, we did succeed, and against all odds we were, I was amazed by the will and determination, it's something that I will keep reminding myself of everyday, while our Troops show the same will and determination. So for here on out,..NUTS !!! to the Talibans !!! Thanks again for showing me,..all is not lost.Hmrjmr115 months ago William R Wilson- Thank you for your comment. While I do not agree that Iraq was unnecessary, that is a whole 'nother hub and separate from the issue at hand, though many do think otherwise.The facts as I see them are that they were both poorly managed from the start and history will put the blame for that squarely on the shoulders of Donald Rumsfeld and President Bush. I'll let those chips fall were they may.We never lost our focus in Afghanistan because we never focused on it correctly from the start.So now that we have an officer that can focus the lens we as patriots must ensure our political leaders share that focus and clear away the political clouds of uncertainty so our troops can focus the sun like a laser beam and burn these pests out their holes.I've added a contact link for the white house so you can do that from here. So take a moment and watch the video provided once again, listen to the creed and read the words and let them sink in. Then focus the clearest finest weapon you have, which are the bullets and bombs of your words and opinions, and harness their commitment in your volleys to their Commander in Chief. So here and now is your chance, I say to you, Do your Duty sir...Hmrjmr115 months ago AIM-Thanks again for your comment and for doing your "homework". I understand as well how difficult it is to see your friends and neighbors with the pain of a lost son or daughter. I would ask you to carry with you the thought that they can only be left with the comfort that their son or daughter was lost while doing their duty as they saw it. It is up to us to ensure that their duty and sacrifices are not given in vain. It is up to us to ensure that comfort does not become a hollow one. It is up to us to ensure to the survivors of those who perished in the Twin Towers, that their family member died FOR something. How can we say as a nation to these people that "We're sorry, we're just too tired to carry the rucksack of Freedom and the defense of our nation and your loved ones any more. We're just not sure it's worth the cost any more. I'll just set this ruck down here by the memorial to your loved ones so you can remember we tried."Juanita, I can't do that. I don't think you could either; so I ask you to steel your heart, with the knowledge of the danger and those of every Infantry Mom you know and do what I asked William to do in the last paragraph above. This is our only recourse that holds true to America and honors the commitments of our sons and daughters who serve. God Bless...TheSablirab15 months ago Thank you for posting this. It has given me a different approach to the war in Afghanistan and what to do now that we are there, etc.Mr. Deeds has brought up a good point and has said something that, I think, a lot of Americans are thinking.I hope that our current president finds this hub and reads it. I think it will give him some food for thought. If only President Bush could have read it while in office.Hmrjmr115 months ago The Sablirab - Thank you for reading and your comment, MR Deeds did in fact say what about 50% of America is thinking and that is why we must change their minds through the grand debate of the written word. I also invite you to use the link above and contact the White House and have your say as well. Thanks again sir..Peggy W15 months ago When watching the Sunday television shows it was stated that from 8 or 9 to 13 years is about the end point of patience of Americans when enmeshed in warfare.  Very sad because as you so nicely stated...the "we tried" apology won't hold water nor generate confidence in any future commitments to countries when necessary.  We must stand firm in our resolve or no one will ever trust us again.  And we NEED countries to trust us when we give our word.Damage has been done in the past (Viet Nam...perfect example) but we must not erode our future.May God Bless all the men and women in our military, and their loved ones.Excellent job with this hub.  The care and thought that you put into this shines through your words.Hmrjmr115 months ago Peggy W thank you for your kind words I hope you take action on them and send a message to the White House that we must move forward swift and sure..God Bless and Thanks againWBHELMSJR15 months ago I know big John and his family, loosing MS, Z was hard on us all, she was first a lady,amom and wife,and a dear friend on me& wife,i too lost my wife 1 1/2 months ago ,so i know how he feels also lost 2 sons,we got to carry on, Big John and I do American Legion deeds, we love helping vets, young & old, helping their familys, Bij John sends packages of needed items to the soldiers,a local elementary school collect money for our Legion post so we can send items over to the soldiers,John is a true believer of anything he writes, he believes in GOD & COUNTRY, family values runs high with him, Our country need more men like Big John, especially in Congress, John, God Bless you and God Bless America and our fighting forcesHmrjmr115 months ago Thanks Bill God BlessTom Whitworth15 months ago Big John,I truly believe this is the most heartfelt message I have ever read on hubpages. I am almost at a loss for words. I am typing through tears. I feel very personal about 9/11/2001 which was my 55th birthday, and never before in my life had I felt so much hatred for being American. If anyone in the World thinks Bush over reacted, then they better thank there lucky stars that I wasn't President.I have no doubt that we can militarily prevail, but the politicians lost Viet Nam and I fear history is about ready to repeat itself. We can't fight with one hand tied behind our backs.Thank you for your service.jiberish15 months ago Great Hub, Great Comments.  I just want to say that you are a true Hero enduring the death of a wife and a child. and thank you for your service.  I have a question, that is why aren't we more aggressive, it seems the few troops on the ground are doing all the work, why don't we show them that we are serious instead of just diplomatic?Hmrjmr114 months ago Tom - Thank you for your comments, I reiterate, we must as a population take action with the best weapon we have, our words; and direct them to our present and future political leaders informing them that we must prevail and we expect them to use every ounce of political capital and will they have to this end. God Bless..Hmrjmr114 months ago jiberish - Thank you for your kind words. I must tell you though that I am far from a hero, only a man that must bow to the will of divine providence, and continue to do his duty.AS for your question it is also essentially the one posed in the hub, so we as citizens must do our duty and write our leadership and tell them to do theirs.I also leave you with this thought I posted a few days ago on facebook.I do not carry my faith around nor wear it on my sleeve.No my friend so strong it is, That my faith, it carries me...God Bless you Ma'amreadytoescape14 months ago Hmrjmr1,Outstanding hub Sir! The message is clear, simple and to the point, and entirely the correct one. As the Father of Two that have served, between them, 7 tours of combat duty in Iraq and Afghanistan (and are still serving) I can not be in more support of your stance, and the one that should be of all Americans and all citizens of the free world.In this support, besides comprehending the threat as you describe, I only echo the voices of my sons and their brethren, which is merely untie our hands and give us the tools, well get the job done. I use the term merely to shout, that while to us this war seems a monumental task, our soldiers to man say its our job and we want to do it, and then after a short pause, who else will?The last portion of the phrase should be chilling and humbling to those that oppose. These proud and courageous men and women have earned and deserve our undying and unfailing support, politically and patriotically.Of the mistakes you assert, the only clear one that damaged our militarys ability to decimate and eradicate the enemy, was one of diplomacy, that being the failure with the Pakistani Government. Specifically by not gaining Pakistani permission to allow our forces to pursue and attack the enemy across the border and/or their reluctance to acknowledge the impending threat to their own nation, refusing to commit their own military to the fight until possibly too late. This failure is not born on the shoulders of the United States alone; NATO and the rest of the free world also bear responsibility in their refusals to fully support the war in general and in gaining Pakistani effort.The rest of your article is DEAD ON TARGET. Thank you sir for your persuasive and informed hub. The conclusions are inarguable, as you have demonstrated in the comments.Hmrjmr114 months ago readytoescape- I thank you sir for both your support and your families service to our great nation. I had the honor and privilege to serve with so many troops in Iraq that said the same things as your sons. We really do have the best soldiers and the best Army that our nation has ever had.As for the previous errors I am confident that they were as you say ( and well said I might add), but there were also many Command and Management issues with the scope and conduct of operations as well, that fall in to the purview of the National Command (Pres Bush, Sec Rumsfeld and more than one General Officer) Authority. History will not judge their efforts kindly.Needless to say that leaves us (The American Public) in the position that we have to explain to our political leadership the necessity of continuing operations and doing it right. I ask you as well to use the fine tools of your words and join me in doing our duty to our country and our troops. Thank you again and God Bless..AnywhereGardener14 months ago You've written a very informative article, I appreciated reading the back and forth commentaries from others as well.Thank you for the links, I will check them out as well. And thank you for welcoming me to the world of Hub writing.Hmrjmr114 months ago Anywheregardner - Thank you for your kind words glad it helped! Keep up the good hubs you do!Duchess OBlunt14 months ago Hmrjmr1, I am glad I clicked on this hub after you became my fan.  I appreciate your information, your outlook and the clarity with which you express your thoughts. I salute you!This is a Hub I will be passing on.Hmrjmr114 months ago Dutchess OBlunt - Thank you for your Kind words, and for stopping by! GBYC.J. Wright14 months ago While I believe that Gen McChrystal has the right pedigree for the job. I'm convinced that the current strategy will work.  We have tried the two pronged approach you speak of in Vietnam, Iraq, Korea, etc.  What we have learned is that you can't "buy" freedom/democracy for someone else.This war by definition is an unconventional one. Therefore it should be fought via unconventional means. The special forces background of McCrystal is key here. Using US Army regulars is not going to be nearly as effective as a larger Spec Ops force that has a much smaller footprint. Placing a large standing army in theater plays well for the terrorist. Since Vietnam the US has grown to expect seeing the carnage on the evening news. That way they get to see what their tax dollar is buying. The downside is that most will never understand, or better yet be able to stomach the attrocities of war. Public war fatigue grows faster during this age of video.Hmrjmr114 months ago CJW - You may be right as far as the force structure goes though that is the missing element that has not been made public from Gen McCrystal's plan. But I disagree about some of your other assumptions, One of the keys to winning there is that either by force or persuasion (Either is fine with me) you have to convince the population that their survival, and future is tied to your combined success. If that takes money so be it. Use all the tools you have.There too is a role for the regular army in that you need to establish and maintain presence and the COP (Combat Outpost) model was effective in Iraq though I would suppose it may have to be modified to fit circumstances in Afghanistan. All remains to be seen, as of this writing the plan has yet to be approved and what form it will take is closely held. Thanks for you time and comments!Dame Scribe14 months ago I have no words to describe the feelings for our soldiers other than, I would be willing to stand beside them and help in whatever way I can no matter how terrified I may feel. They keep us safe from harm and we are fortunate to have retired soldiers at home to help us ordinary folks get it together. Fantastic Hub! :)Hmrjmr114 months ago Dame Scribe - Thank you  and God Bless..50 Caliber13 months ago John,you have a gift to analyze and present a fine message. It is well received. I would add an emphasis on a distinct difference from our retreat in Vietnam. We were in no danger of that war following us home. For those thinking we should withdraw from this war, I urge them to consider the fact that we will fight them no matter what, it is a matter of where! They would follow us home and we would fight them here if we were to withdraw from Afghanistan. I figure that 9/11 would appear a cake walk in the wake of the terrorist actions that would befall the US if we were to cut and run. We failed to supply South Vietnam with the supplies to carry on. We also had teams through about 1980 charged with entering 'Nam and destroying combat operational supplies we left behind as well as moving things like Helo's to the Philippines who were in no immediate need of them. Those records have been released as of the area of time 1990.We cannot as a nation afford any cut and run policy in Afghanistan and as individuals we need to use the link you provided and let those who be know we support the troops AND we support the missions they perform and cost in dollars is a non-issue, we need to reinforce them and provide the supplies in excess.Very well put together hub and well thought out. Rumsfeld Screwed President Bush, but Bush bent over for him and I suppose history will not be kind to either of them.Hmrjmr113 months ago 50 cal - well said my friend and thanksoutdoorsguy13 months ago HmrJmr  thanks for a great hub, and my condonlensces for your your loss.and thank you for your dedication to our Country.   with that said. Im not surprised that Logisitics are lacking.   Ive suspected that will be this governments approach for a while now.   never do openly what you can accomplish from behind.and with the new ROE's winning is not a viable option anymore.  another way for the Admistration to hamstring the military.   and that is unforgivable.okay I promised myself I wouldnt rant or go off on a long tirade.   so all Ill say is God bless our troops, keep them safe out there in Dark, and guide and gaurd them to safetyHmrjmr113 months ago outdoorsguy- As of this writing 4 Dec 09 - It remains to be seen how things will work out in the end though it seems The President has approved Gen McChrystals Plan, albeit with modifications and as of today Nato is filling in most of the gaps in the plan. It will be a long hard fight and we have to be prepared for that as well.Thanks for stopping by and commenting..Doyle Wheeler13 months ago Brother you may be right but I just disagree that this war can be won, I think we will chase our tail forever. Oh we will kill of most of the Taliban but that will have little to do with what happens in this region.Anyway I very much respect your service, but having served in Vietnam I see us headed right down that same old tired road.Hmrjmr113 months ago Doyle - We'll just have to agree to disagree. I served in Vietnam as well and this is a different scenario. One that we have to win. If we fail we will be fighting them here, even more so than we are now. Thanks for reading and commenting. Thanks for your service as well my friend.GusTheRedneck11 months ago Big John - I found this because I eas looking for more of your stuff.  If I could do so, I'd make a plaque of this article and hang if on the wall.  Maybe, better yet, I'd make two plaques of it and hang one on the wall and the other one by the front door.  Or even better than that, I'd make a million of them and send them to a million people to copy and to do the same as I would like to do.Thanks.Gus !!!Hmrjmr111 months ago Gus - Much Thanks my Friend I will be updating it soon keep an eye out eh! GBY!Submit a CommentMembers and GuestsSign in or sign up and post using a hubpages account.Name:URL: optionalComment:No HTML is allowed in comments, but URLs will be hyperlinkedComments are not for promoting your Hubs or other sites96Hmrjmr1From Georgia, USA438 Followers204 HubsJoined 18 months agoRead more hubs by Hmrjmr1Contact Hmrjmr1Follow Hmrjmr1Subscribe to Hmrjmr1's RSS feed Ask a QuestionAsk Hmrjmr1 a question based on this Hub.Related QuestionsObama was rewarded the Nobel Peace Prize! Was it to soon?asked by charm1123 15 months ago4 answersAnswer this questionI am nepali i want to work in United state so can u give me an idea?asked by jungsujan 6 weeks ago2 answersAnswer this questionRelated HubsWelcoming Home The Troops At The Bangor Maine Airportby point2makeBrother Against Brother - the Crittenden Brothers and the...by esatchelIndependent Voter | Old Soldier View | Afghanistan Pt II...by Hmrjmr1An Old Soldier View Afghanistan 2010 | Roll in Hot!by Hmrjmr1An Old Soldiers View | Close GITMO Now!by Hmrjmr1America You Were Worth It | An Old Soldiers Viewby Hmrjmr1 U.S. Military ForumTopicRepliesUS Army: Atheists Unfit To Serveposted by Stacie L2366,000 Iraqi civilians killed by US Army - Wikileaksposted by Rishy Rich20GOP block of Don't Ask/Don't Tell Repeal -- Hypocriticalposted by Mighty Mom3Post a new topic6 more topics Tagspolitics america war afghanistan army taliban Recommendations  HubPagesabout uslearning centerblogaffiliatesadvertise link to this pagecopyrightCopyright  2011 Hubpages Inc. and respective owners. All rights reserved.Other product and company names shown may be trademarks of their respective owners.terms of use privacy policy (served in 0.811 sec)  working