your first  pap smear  usually by screening test for  HPV . If you over abnormal pats and  HPV  negative with dividend develop  cancer  in between truth about  cervical cancer  is that it gonna develop  cervical cancer  between the  of the great things that's come up is this screening test for HPV If you over the age of -- and your pap -- have been normal with no history of abnormal pats and -- HPV negative with normal -- You can wait once every three years to get that packs into. If you woman that's had a hysterectomy and -- indications for the hysterectomy has nothing to do with abnormal cells that He had fibroid. You know. Those pap smears are completely unnecessary accidents that's good news for that and then tell me about this. Doing it every three years people are so worried that dividend develop cancer in between is the kind of rare though. The the truth about cervical cancer is that it takes a long time to develop. And so even if you have a new partner within that three year interval. -- not gonna develop cervical cancer between the first happened that happened in three years that's great information.  The  pap smear  is that gold standard for  cancer  screening in women. The  pap smear  is critical who have a  cervix  should have abnormal The  pap smear  clearly states picks up  cancer  at a precancerous die from  cervical cancer  by and women provide Ager  HPV  negative  The pap smear is that gold standard for cancer screening in women. The pap smear is critical to -- -- It's very well study and it's proven that cities lie it's. All women who have a cervix should have regular periodic pap smears. The frequency of pap smears depends on your age your risk factors whether you have HP -- HIV. Or whether you've had abnormal -- The pap smear clearly states slides. And it picks up cancer at a precancerous stage or early stage where it's curable. The women die from cervical cancer by and -- -- women who have not seen their doctor for pap smears I think that getting past -- every three years after age thirty provide Ager HPV negative. Do not have abnormal pap and not -- HIV is perfectly acceptable. However just because we're speaking them out doesn't mean  recommends a  pap smear  every three Server. How  cancer  is a disease As for the  HPV  tests which that causes  cervical cancer . The government and harms of  HPV  testing there's diagnosed with  cervical cancer  has been cut  according to the US preventive services task force which now recommends a pap smear every three years. And the screening is only recommended for women aged 21 to 65. Who are or have been sexually active. Server. How cancer is a disease that is. Progresses slowly and if you screamed somebody on these -- you really have a very low chance that you're going to miss something. As for the HPV tests which looks for the virus that causes cervical cancer . The government panel says it should not be used in women under thirty. But otherwise has no advice. Stating that the current evidence is insufficient to assess the balance of benefits and harms of HPV testing there's no question pap smears and work. Overall the number of women diagnosed with cervical cancer has been cut in half. From nearly fifteen cases for every 100000 women in 1975. To about seven cases per 100000 women  US receive a diagnosis of  cervical cancer  a yearly  pap smear  is recommended to screen study ever looking at the  HPV  tests. the  pap smear . This is a huge tests it you just started off with  cervical cancer  I don't want to get  cancer Each year about 121000 women in the US receive a diagnosis of cervical cancer a yearly pap smear is recommended to screen for the disease. But now a new study suggests that women can safely extend their screening intervals from one to three years. Research also reveals that the HP need tax may be more accurate determining cancer risk than the traditional. Pap test and joining us now with more on all of this. It ABC news contributor doctor -- -- documents thanks so much for joining us to do that so this the largest study ever looking at the HPV tests. -- the pap smear . This is a huge tests it it answers to questions number one. How frequent do women need to have pap smears and what they found was that if your pap smear and -- HPV . -- negative you didn't have to happen every year now everyone watchable I have to go every year you just started off with cervical cancer I don't want to get cancer . Nobody wants to get cancer but these women did not get cancer so you still need to see -- -- -- every year. You just don't need a pap test every year this is going to be. Big news it but it's going to be very hard because we had indoctrinated Whitman. To go in every year every year and we've done a great job out and when we only had the pap smear . And the old -- -- be it. It was the right thing to do technology has come along. And has changed it the second part is. They took these 331000. Women which is huge number. And they broke it down and they said OK let's not even pay attention to their past let's just look at their HPB. And they found out that if they just looked at HPV it was as good. As the -- are predicting. Who was gonna have -- received this information making a pap smear obsolete you always ask the right questions so I think the next step. Is going to be we're not there yet is probably in our lifetimes -- -- children's lifetimes. The pap is gonna be gone and everybody's going to be coming in very HPV swap. And that brings up the next question is what can you get to HPV . Maybe by wearing it tampons and descending -- and and is this whole kind of exam. Gonna disappear. And just morph into something else to be a real women's health exam -- -- -- cholesterol -- do all that kind of health maintenance right but not so much involvement pat. No woman watching wounds always. -- happy experience and we ought to go through it. But I do think a lot of women are worried enough about -- cancer that they will gladly do the yearly pap smear if it. You know we'll put that -- at eight that's right that's right and that's I think what the challenges here is to convince women that maybe it's not that that's right well interestingly. The women that are coming in every year are probably the lowest risk group. It's always that way of developing cervical cancer so we have to think that who's at high risk -- several cancer it's usually. People that don't have access to medical care people that are scared of doctors people that are scared of the pain of the exam so. It will really help those people and then on the global scene. And this is that you found this cervical cancer the numbers you gave in this country. A relatively low compared to Africa and other places where the numbers are astronomical and  and bring her  cervix  back to normal a woman get a  pap smear  is another really The concept of  cervical cancer  which is  HPV . And then the abnormalities that the  cervix  a lot of those get an annual  pap smear . If she's had  follow up with the woman. And actually provide treatment and bring her cervix back to normal following treatment. Now how often should a woman get a pap smear is another really important question. What we're finding is her guidelines have been changing as we get more information about the natural history. The concept of cervical cancer which is HPV . And then the natural history of those lesions. So what we say now is a lot of young woman have. Human cap -- -- virus infection and abnormalities. Cell abnormalities that the cervix a lot of those infections and abnormalities -- just resolve on their own. And it's best not to provide treatment in very young women source -- -- guidelines have changed now to say. Look let's start screening at age 21. Or within three years have a woman initiating sexual activity. And she should at that point in young women continue to get an annual pap smear . If she's had three annual pap smears that have been completely normal. Then after discussion with her provider her provider may suggest  rate from  cervical cancer  since the learning she had  cervical cancer  for me it Only get a  pap smear  every three woman's  cervix  under a microscope Arguing that  cervical cancer  is usually screening for  HPV . A leading  test given 55 million times every year to catch the risk of cervical cancer report becomes fatal in fact. Look what has happened to the death rate from cervical cancer since the seventies when pap smears. Became standard. So why the unsettling about face here's ABC sure enough funds it. -- -- housing annual pap screen turned out to be anything but routine. Young mother learning she had cervical cancer for me it really meant. You know -- ally. But -- the government panel is recommending women between ages 21 -- 65. Only get a pap smear every three years. Startling to women like how. Three years -- wrong. Being tanker crash and grab elements spiny. Why did mine went anywhere. A -- is simple enough a doctor examined cells script from a woman's cervix under a microscope. The protests forced maintains it could do more harm than good. Arguing that cervical cancer is usually slow moving and can take almost ten years to become dangerous. They say the more tests you do the more  the task force also suggested today women under thirty -- screening for HPV . A leading cause cervical cancer . For younger women the virus can actually clear up on its own too much testing they say could lead to unnecessary surgeries. The recommendations come from the same government panel that triggered -- firestorm last year. After proposing doctor's scale back on routine mammograms. And again this year they recommended against routine blood tests for prostate cancer . Task force leaders insist their proposal is not about saving money saying we don't look at -- -- all but really most  risk for  cervical cancer  and that's Happen allowed  pap smear  screening cells the  cervix . Prior to the development  cancer . And that then prevent  cervical cancer . Now the virus or  HPV . And we combined with  pap smear  screening  Well all women are at risk for cervical cancer and that's -- we have very broad recommendations. More what to do about that. And so for instance the first recommendation we had this for very long time. It's for a woman's under -- routine. Happen -- allowed pap smear screening. What that does is it some -- for detecting abnormal cells -- the cervix . Prior to the development -- cancer . And that gives both the woman and the provider an opportunity to treat that abnormality before it develops into cancer . Actually then prevent cervical cancer . Now the other prevention method that we have -- some. It's been licensed since 2006 here in the United States is vaccination. Against the primary cause of cervical cancer which is. Infection with human -- below a virus or HPV . And we now have on the market in the United States to highly effective vaccine against cervical cancer . The first one is -- -- film that's made by Merck directed against four types of HPV . And the other is server -- that is made by -- -- it directed against two time that the HPV . And what we say is combined with pap smear screening and with HPV vaccination. We can effectively reduced the risk of cervical cancer for the majority of women in the United States.  the fight against  cervical cancer  a new study in journal found that an  HPV  vaccine called and the rates of  cervical cancer  worldwide is doctor correct. maybe one  pap smear . In a woman's other strains of  HPV  that wasn't even  There's some encouraging news in the fight against cervical cancer a new study in the lancet oncology journal found that an HPV vaccine called a server X. Offers even better protection against HPB than previously thought. Joining us -- to discuss these findings and the impact they may have on screening and the rates of cervical cancer worldwide is doctor -- moderates ABC news contributor and director of the division of gynecology at saint Luke's Roosevelt hospital -- -- Thanks so much for joining us let's go right into this the -- from this is really. That some believe. This study shows that screening. Of a cervical cancer and pap smears and may be able to be reduced because of the effectiveness of this -- team. Right so it looks like if somebody gets the vaccine that eleven or twelve before sexually active that this may actually. Alleviate the need to get pap smears and that's where where -- jumping way ahead. But that's reading into these studies and one of the -- was done in Finland and the person said. We think that if our data is correct. -- maybe one pap smear In a woman's life will be necessary. Basically this study showed that this specific vaccine protects against other strains of HPV that wasn't even designed to target again so let's get it right they say OK how many strains of HPV are there blood there's over a 120 -- -- about ten. Very bad strains we call them uncle Janet strains of HPV So that can cause cervical cancer or even -- cervical cancer so the bad ones -- 1618. They're two vaccine to guard itself which is the power -- the older one but the  sixteen AT and thus far they haven't found that Gardner -- other HPV vaccine does cover against that's just it just does a little bit but not as as does -- -- and trying to figure out why and it's remind us how common as cervical cancer is right so in this country it's not that -- -- about 121000 cases that sounds like a lot. The rate has gone down and down down. Pap smear is called pods could -- he's going to the doctor that's pretty much if you do that the chances of getting several cancer really rare. In this country people that -- of cancer people that really hasn't been to the doctors. It's a huge worldwide problem. I mean 500000. Cases I think worldwide each year so it it's a big issue. -- don't see you know at the studies conducted and how reliable the findings are mean is this something that we can take to the bank at this point about this specific vaccine. But it looks like this vaccine what's important about this is. We spoke about -- -- cancer Either of the vaccines tends to prevent cervical cancer . But there's something before cervical cancer which is really just the pained him to go to the doctor nickel cost -- and -- it. Pre cancerous lesions. And if you speak to any of your friends I promise you they've had an abnormal pap -- Brian eighths Friday night and I have cancer and oh my god -- cancer cells it looks like. This new vaccine tends to prevent that occurrence and even happening. There are some that say this could be an excuse for insurance companies -- not cover. Pap smears and right routine screenings is that something the medical community is talking about well if -- really really works and we don't need pap smears and the data really shows that this can prevent. The major strains. Then I would agree we don't -- -- though he were years away from that certainly this is encouraging -- regards to cervical cancer . And the vaccine in the capabilities of these vaccines can you envision a day where we don't have cervical cancer . And it's eradicate Aaron absolutely this is just the beginning with -- vaccines. Two strains in the nose and cross coverage they're gonna increase the number of strains and the public -- up -- hundred strains it's not that hard to have to work on it. And the other new thing is going to be. For people that even -- cervical cancer or have precancerous lesions -- talking about vaccines. That can cure that they -- turn the body on to fight this. That's exciting I mean what does this indicate if -- -- for other cancer blood that's gonna be that this is the first vaccine for cancer and it really yes. There's a lot of resistance of some parents is a lot of confusion over this safety issues. There's  result in. Development of  cancer  of the  cervix . And other areas in the tract so. Exposure to  HPV  80% of women in this lives and exposure to  HPV . And that is known to be risk factor for  cervical cancer . On smoking is also a  And survey finds most women feel they are not at risk for HPV infection. Infect 80% of women however will acquire the human Petaluma virus at some point in their lives often goes away on its own but for some women. It can cause cell changes that could lead to cervical cancer we're joined today by celebrity fashion designer Liz Lange. Liz was diagnosed with cervical cancer at the age of 35. -- as a mother at the time of two young children and a successful businesswoman designing clothes for pregnant women. This is here to talk to us today about her. Well and in this can't new campaign that she -- to talk to us about. The campaign is partly sponsored by Merck and company was also here with doctor ginger Gardiner from Memorial Sloan Kettering Cancer Center welcome both of you. Good morning good morning. Liz let's start with your story because I think people need to hear have a personal face to cervical cancer what exactly did you go through. Well I was 35 when I was diagnosed as you mentioned I had two very young children home at two and a half year old an eight month old I was extremely busy in my career at the time. Doing fashion show launching a new product line of Nike and negotiating with target com when I went for very routine screening on the and which led to my -- cancer diagnosis. From that that led to a surgery. I -- therapy to radiation it was it was a fairly harrowing experience and very very frightening one. The good news is is that today I'm cured and it really is. Thanks to that screening -- so my message 100% here today is that. Women need to understand this they need to be talking to their health care professionals about this. About HPV about cervical cancer about what's reasonable precautions that they can takes it. Perhaps this won't happen is that. And when you say screenings you mean you went in for your annual pap test and I think women understand the word pap tests that they may not know that's what it's for. -- -- that is that was my case exactly do when you quoted the on the survey that we did that showed that many women didn't understand of HPV . That was me I I was going for pap test because that was what was what I'm supposed to do but I had no idea that connection between pap test and cervical cancer diagnosis. Or between HPV and certainly cancer and that is began life. I mean on an educated women who was often seen my doctor but women out there they really really need to see their health care. Professionals and to talk about these issues where I understand better than I do. You -- speak a little bit to your doctor sheets what. Can do considerable you know relate to what is the role of HPV the human -- virus and cervical cancer and how does that fit in with the pap test. HP the human popular pop -- human problem a virus is. Chanted by Internet contact. And it can. I you can be a carrier of HP the in the sales of lower genital tract concluding the -- And over time the presence of HPV can result in. Development of cancer of the cervix . And other areas in the lower genital tract so. Exposure to HPV 80% of women in this country will have at one point in their lives and exposure to HPV . And that is known to be risk factor for cervical cancer . On smoking is also a risk factors that can. Accelerate the process. Of HPV and cervical cells break. To tell us a little bit more lives -- I think you're probably familiar with the website it sounds like it provides a lot of information this is. It's it's great on its talk all about cervical cancer -- or. If you lock on that site you can learn more about what we're discussing today about cervical cancer about HPV . You could also take a short quiz and for taking that quiz we will send you as our guest. A special health  prevent  cervical cancer  it does prevent eventually prevent  cervical cancer  If those who think about what  HPV  types actually cause  cervical cancer  which sixteen from these two  HPV  types. Now the also believe the  pap smear  has been very  questions how long does the immunity lasts. How will it actually prevent cervical cancer it does prevent infection but will that mean that it will down the road prevents cervical infection. Cost issues we still ought  communities will be long lasting. And that it actually will eventually prevent cervical cancer -- If those who don't pan out what do we say. Well absolutely. If the immunity wanes. In ten years and the vaccine doesn't. Provide immunity against those sub types will then we lose effectiveness and there's no doubt about that. So that is a concern however when you think about what HPV types actually cause cervical cancer which sixteen inmates and causing 70% of those cancers. If this is only showing its vaccine has already shown that it actually prevents precancerous lesions. We equal -- extrapolate that -- actually prevent the cancers resulting from these two HPV types. Now the question is the other HPV strains aren't good at it will they -- marriage and therefore become. And an issue in this arm problem they may. But we know that currently disease fumbles -- academic HPV types are not the biggest issue that the current moment. So we hoping we need to try to make strides in medicine  discovered that women are dying of  cervical cancer . They have been saved from hiv drugs, yet they're diagnose of  cervical cancer . We think it's needless and women can get screened for  cervical cancer . This woman came with her niece  because we have found out and discovered that women are dying of cervical cancer . They have been saved from hiv through anti retroviral drugs, yet they're diagnose of cervical cancer . We think it's needless and we're going something about it. That brought them to zambia, to a small town near the iconic  messy. And you can see there. As part of the bush institute's cancer prevention pink ribbon/red ribbon campaign, women can get screened for cervical cancer . This woman came with her niece on opening day after recently losing her mother-in-law to the disease. She is healthy. When you  secretary clinton has been incredibly helpful in our efforts to deal with cervical cancer . It doesn't surprise me presidents get criticized. Saw that every once in a while. Not from you. I know you're not into  prevent  cervical cancer  our guests explain what  cervical cancer  is that is prevent. Okay.  Cervical cancer  is actually lifetime. Now  cervical cancer  is very very An annual  pap smear . In the United and types of  HPV . The quo  Are subject is the new vaccine to prevent cervical cancer our guests. Is doctor Marc Spitzer chairman of obstetrics and gynecology at the brookdale university hospital in New York. He's also president of the American society for called -- skippy and cervical pathology joins us. From our New -- students we welcome you doctor -- thank you for having me. Let's just take a moment to explain what cervical cancer is that is -- it. What causes it and how this new vaccine is designed to try to prevent. Okay. Cervical cancer is actually the prototypical. Sexually transmitted to cancer It's a cancer that is caused by a virus the name of the virus is human -- -- virus. And a human -- -- virus is extremely common. By. 5080%. Of all women will have been exposed to human apple on the virus in their lifetime. Now cervical cancer is very very common worldwide. In the rest of the world it's the second leading. Cause of of cancer in women. And the second -- reading was cancer death in women but almost 500000. Women every single year in the entire world. That have -- cancer and though almost half of them -- This this is not a problem in the United States because we have an organized screening program. An annual pap smear In the United States there -- only 9700. Only. 9700 women every year who develop cervical cancer and 3700 of them. Die of cervical cancer every single year half of those women have never had a pap smear So the cervical cancer screening program that we have here actually. The works pretty well and it has reduced. A huge problem. In the rest of the underdeveloped world into a problem that more or -- we can manage. But I believe we can do better because. We can now prevent. The two most common and types of HPV The quo was cervical cancer . HPV types sixteen and eighteen. And -- was about 70%. Of cervical cancer and they can be prevented so that women never develop this problem at all. Let me stopped at that point and get  in this country  cancer  of the tongue  cancer human virus or  HPV  can lead to  cervical cancer . But now it has cause I act. The  HPV  virus which just for  HPV  during a  pap smear  for example for  cervical cancer . But we don't  was alarming increase in the kind of oral canceled in this country cancer of the tongue cancer of the Tom souls. We've all heard that human -- -- virus or HPV can lead to cervical cancer . But now it has also been linked to oral cancer the virus can be transmitted through oral sex. Doctor Timothy Johnson is standing by to answer our questions so first we want  tests such as saliva for the oral cavity we can screen for HPV during a pap smear for example for cervical cancer . But we don't yet have easy screening tests -- you do have to pay attention to warning systems a persistent sore throat.  -- -- -- you know and young women for the prevention of cervical cancer . There's a lot of investigation right now to use it in young boys because they can get and transmitted. And I think  are releasing new  cancer  screening guidelines precancerous changes in the  cervix  in time to prevent invasive.  Cancer  I think young women often because of the  HPV  virus and we know treatment. Damages the  cervix  and can lead to things that we do.  Cervical cancer  is caused by certain debate. Did the  pap smear  guidelines as  cervical Expert panel has suggested women get fewer cancer screenings first it was fewer mammograms for breast cancer now it's not so many pap smears to look for cervical cancer . Lindsey Davis has more. First mammograms now pap smears for the second time this week health experts are releasing new cancer screening guidelines aimed at women that once again suggest less is more. They're recommending that women not Begin their first pap test  every three years caps are used to spot precancerous changes in the cervix in time to prevent invasive. Cancer I think young women we know they have often abnormal pap tests it's often because of the HPV virus and we know the treatment. Damages the cervix and can lead to increased risk of premature birth in these young women. So we think it's good news to change that age 21. Which coincides with a separate debate over the aging frequency that women should get mammograms to detect breast cancer . This is a coincidence I think it's bad timing because it does seem to send a message to women but I am worried that for older women wouldn't. Getting it every other year every three years. They could fall through the cracks this health debate has become a political one for subtle question if this is a sign of what's to come with health reform. I will say that I think cost does matter in health care and we are increasingly going to see experts look at the things that we do. Cervical cancer is caused by certain strains of the ST DH PV but researchers say being young girl woman is the better chance isn't  the preventive health task force -- but when you have the American Cancer Society come out right away and say we disagree. Then it's time let's put our breaks on in look at this and and in trying to have a robust medical debate. Did the pap smear guidelines as cervical cancer guidelines that they just came out. I think are different they came out from the American college of obstetrics and gynecology the body that really focuses of women's health. And here you have a screening test. The pap smear . That often leads to a biopsy of the cervix which can lead to premature. Delivery could have consequences and -- if warming gets pregnant. So there's a much greater risk from that test in there their recommendation to wait to age 21 really struck me as making sense young women. Cervical cancer is very rare -- the million is the is the incidents -- -- -- very rare cancer it's a slow growing and growing cancer in waiting page for anyone makes a lot of sense that. Respect and this also comes at a time when we Begin  call saying there  HPV  is positive what's associated with  cancer  risk really. There that infect the  cervix  than me greatly smoking and lung  cancer  society and a couple viruses like. But  HPV  causes warts and could be dying from  cervical cancer  so when women hear people. That have a  pap smear  abnormal right and  virus. For our viewers out there all the gynecologists know here what HPV means human capital on the virus tell us what it means for viewers out there. They didn't know about HIV and other going to their doctor and they're getting phone call saying there HPV is positive what's -- me. Well here a couple of virus is now whole family of a hundred or so viruses about -- -- of them caused problems for women. It's been associated with cancer risk really. There are several types that infect the cervix than me greatly increase your risk -- against even beyond what you might associate with smoking and lung cancer society and a couple orders magnitude of that so why. Think the reason maybe you didn't hear about it is it's a tough one to study in the -- you can't really. Grow it tonight test tube and -- -- like we can other bacteria and viruses like. But HPV causes warts and -- not mistaken so what's the difference between award on your hand. And a wart. On your private party -- well and and neck cancer on your -- because. You know that runs the risk from -- have -- in my hand to have a little war here it's true I could be dying from cervical cancer so when women hear HPV . All the -- cancer thirty just didn't and so tell women out there you have their attention how do they figure out when to be nervous and when not to -- -- well. -- on your hands are on your dimples don't turn into cancer it's really just the ones there associate with alcohol pap smears so. What's happening in the United States right now in 2000 and -- is that we use the HPV test. For women who have a minor abnormality in their -- -- really try to figure out he's gonna have problems with precancerous changes and who isn't. OK so so now we have a group of people. That have a pap smear -- abnormal right and -- doctor says by the way also here HPV is abnormal so it's a cause and effect. You have -- HPV is causing abnormal -- we're gonna take care is that correct that's cracks that you. You probably know that about 7% of all perhaps as we do or abnormal certainly don't Matt vast majority of those are really minor abnormalities that we've used the HPV -- to really. Kind of focus down to the people who -- -- gonna have problems all people have a pre cancers chains are gonna happen HPV infection. The opposites not -- everybody with an HPV infection -- in an apple pie right. And this is where the area that seems to bring up the majority of concern among viewers are their doctor calls and says good news. Your pap -- is normal -- -- HPV is positive. And all they remember is the HPV can cause cancer . So which one is more important is that -- -- more important is that HPV . More important which -- the importance. Of. Right now 2008 I think we think the pap smears the most important that I  that percentage away positive tests go down and and the rates of cervical cancer . Increased so. That situation you said is when a bus problematic and that's why you ask McConnell got right -- normal pap smear and positive HPV test the odds of you having a pre cancers change in that category. We're still less than 10%. So. You just knowing that information might have you get a couple of extra pap smears or maybe some extra tasks. In the year after that diagnosis that certainly doesn't mean cancer six right now the next question that everybody asks and I'm sure you get the same question. Is ten the HPV go away can I get rid of that is the body gonna take care of it or do I have -- for life. With the younger you are the more likely -- -- and I think it's clear from the new pastor guidelines that were really not jamaat pap smears and women in their late teens and toys because almost all those HPV infections and minor pap smear changes go away as you get older unfortunately can't. Get rid of it -- wells so it means a little bit more when your older but still a majority no matter what age of when Manila -- and I go -- right and get some advice of the women out there on how to make. The HPV go away and if they have an admiral pat how to make it better if you will. Well there's there are few things you can do with that nothing number -- I usually tell people is quit smoking you know if you would if you if -- -- is old news -- you -- guardrail on cancer -- your fifth Peter something really right now. You can do that smoking is effective you know smoking might because -- --  and said that the type of throat  cancer  two years back. His not quite drinking get too specific. This particular  cancer  is caused by  HPV . Told the newspaper the guardian later clarified that while Douglas  HPV  can cause throat  cancer . He did  But couldn't give an interview and said that the type of throat cancer -- -- two years back. His -- not quite drinking or smoking but oral sex without wanting to get too specific. This particular cancer is caused by HPV . Told the newspaper the guardian. Which actually comes about from -- gets his publicist later clarified that while Douglas -- HPV can cause throat cancer . He did not say it caused his throat cancer . And it has been fifty days since the Boston Marathon bombings took three lives and sent hundreds to area hospitals. And among  malignant changes of the  cervix  and so. It was exciting with the strains of  HPV  that can lead to  cervical cancer . As we think about contains four types of  HPV  two types are closely associated with  cervical cancer  out pap smears. The  now most -- view -- heard about the new vaccine to prevent cervical cancer artist so. A manufactured by the Merck company. A new study or some new data at least suggests that this vaccine might  91%. Effective in preventing. Problems women's diseases due to the types of HPV and -- And remind us again what HPV is and what it can cause besides cervical cancer . While -- couple of viruses that sexually transmitted infections very common there was some data. Earlier this year and about one out for American women have this infection. It's associated with cervical cancer but probably more importantly it's associated with pre cancers abnormalities and abnormal perhaps an awful -- it's. All of our cancer bat well cancer a wide variety of diseases for women. Now the FDA based on the first study approve the vaccine for. Young girls and  infection channel towards. Cervical disc players are pre malignant changes of the cervix and so. It was exciting data and the fact that you know I'm a gynecologist as you mention and I get asked this question. Everytime I -- patients. Now -- that -- of traditional. Wisdom and guidance for the vaccine has been that. It should be given before women become infected with the strains of HPV that can lead to cervical cancer . As we think about older women is -- it more likely that they would have been sexually active enough to have in fact. Become infected with the strains and therefore. What would be the role of the vaccine in such women. Well the vaccine contains four types of HPV two types are closely associated with cervical cancer out -- pap smears. The other two are more closely associate -- genital warts and so. It's unlikely that you've been exposed  currently recommends the  cervical cancer  vaccine for girls and women as the virus that causes  cervical cancer . The human power Paloma virus or  HPV  has been linked to other and oral infection with  HPV . Where 32 times more likely  The US Centers for Disease Control and Prevention currently recommends the cervical cancer vaccine for girls and women ages nine through 26. But those recommendations may widen in the future as the virus that causes cervical cancer . The human power Paloma virus or HPV has been linked to other cancers in men and women. One recent study in The New England Journal of Medicine found that people who experienced and oral infection with HPV Where 32 times more likely to develop throat cancer In men HPV has been linked to genital cancer causing some experts to question. Whether the HPV vaccine should be made available to boys as well as girls. And today University of Kentucky researchers presented preliminary findings at a European lung cancer conference which link HPV to lung cancers. Researchers are not sure exactly how HPV may trigger all these cancers. But they theorize the virus interferes with normal DNA function to cause abnormal cell growth. With this  population have oral  HPV . Now is it important to note that just having  HPV  in an of itself. Doesn't that you won't get  cancer  or some other. Disease an exhibit symptoms of  HPV  that some Jews then progress warts. Or cancers like  cervical cancer  anal  cancer  or oral obviously  popular -- virus shows that over two million Americans may have oral HPV Joining us to discuss this new data as reproductive specialist doctor Karen Boyle doctor Boyle welcome it's great to see you. This great but I think here so doctor Boyle doesn't the first population based study looking at the rates of HPV -- -- -- -- little bit. About this new information and what it means. These monumental because it's the first study looking at the incidence and prevalence of oral HPV It reports that almost 7%. Of the US population have oral HPV Now is it important to note that just having HPV in an of itself. Doesn't mean that you won't get cancer or some other. Disease -- no it doesn't mean many many people have HPD either generously are now we know 7% -- orally. But very few people actually -- an exhibit symptoms of HPV that some Jews then progress to having symptoms of warts. Or cancers like cervical cancer anal cancer or oral -- -- -- obviously important to be aware now what was thing about the study is that also indicated that oral HPV Peaks in people ages 32 with 34 -- -- and then again at sixty to 64. Yes that that's more common in  here's the thing that vaccination there's no vaccination right now for oral HPV So all the information about the increase an oral cancers is alarming because we don't happen vaccination against oral HPD studies like this are going to -- Cons is to probably developed that but the vaccination that do exist -- four. Our our boys and our girls starting at age 1112. And yes parents to be aware of these vaccinations back and help prevent. Cervical cancer . And channel ports that sound like there will be a lot more coming out about -- -- -- days I had. Yes I believe -- I think studies like this are going to promote. Looking -- Targeted vaccination to prevent this very increasing frightening cancer and -- HPD. Prevalence doctor Karen Boyle thank you so much for joining us today. -- -- 