rescue after a  hostage  crisis five Out of the  bunker  heading home days held  hostage  in a  bunker for us an  Alabama  tonight year old  Ethan  was held year old  Jimmy Lee dykes . ABC news child tonight  Jimmy Lee dykes  is dead  five year old boy is free. Rescued after all those days held hostage in a bunker his captor is dead. Authorities carefully plotted their every move every word to make sure the boy came out alive so how did they do it ABC's GO -- has is on the ground for us an Alabama tonight. A seven day standoff came to an end today the little boy taken hostage nearly a week ago now safe. Authorities used an explosive to -- an underground bunker -- five year old Ethan was held after negotiations broke down. With 65 year old Jimmy Lee dykes . ABC news has learned that authorities had inserted a high tech camera into the bunker . To monitor -- movements mr. dykes was observe. What's -- Was observed holding a gun. At this point FBI agents bearing the child was an imminent danger. Entered the bunker and rescued the child tonight Jimmy Lee dykes is dead. The standoff began last Tuesday when -- boarded a school bus shot the driver Charles -- -- junior and snatched Ethan . The boy who is believed to have autism was held captive in the six by eight foot underground bunker . While police and swat teams carefully negotiated through a ventilation -- -- aloud what authorities called comfort items to be sent down that pipe toys coloring books potato chips and -- medication. Police were careful not to anger -- believed to be watching news reports in the bunker . And even thinks about one point Paula thank him for taking care of our child. Yes that's very important. By night police -- droves over that bunker looking for signs Ethan was still alive all of this as this small town in Alabama . Watched and -- just today a group of children made birthday cards for Ethan who will soon -- six to let him know they were thinking about him. He and that how -- -- And I  was pulled from that  bunker  in  Alabama  today for the first town of Midland city  Alabama . Population 2300 Poland pleads not  Ethan  and tries to save the months and he wants a  hostage  for one reason and one constructed to hold  hostage  and fortified to withstand people in this they know  dykes  has a large supply of  know we were right there is the boy was pulled from that bunker in Alabama today for the first time Pierre Thomas with a stunning secret tapes it ABC news exclusive. How that incredible FBI team matched wits with a madman makes you wonder who was really the -- It was a mouse. It's -- 31 PM on a winter day in the tiny town of Midland city Alabama . Population 2300. Kids are coming home from school. -- -- is taking the same dirt road it always does. -- cotton fields  dales held  hostage  in a  bunker . His captor ground for us in  alabama  tonight. Reporter little boy taken  hostage  nearly a week 5-year-old  ethan  was held after 65-year-old  jimmy lee dykes . Mr.  Dykes small town in  alabama  watched and  over. A 5-year-old boy is free, rescued after all those dales held hostage in a bunker . His captor is dead. Authorities carefully plotted their every move, every word, to make sure the boy came out alive. So, how did they do it?Abc's geon benitez is on the ground for us in alabama tonight. Reporter: A seven-day standoff came to an end today. The little boy taken hostage nearly a week ago, now safe. Authred an underground bunker , where 5-year-old ethan was held after negotiations broke down with 65-year-old jimmy lee dykes . Mr. Dykes was observed holding a gun. At this point, fbi agents fearing the child was in imminent danger entered the bunker and rescued the child. All rig Reporter: Tonight, dykes is dead. The standoff began last tuesday when dykes shot a school bus driver and snatched ethan . The boy, who is leabelieved to have autism, was held captive in the six by eight-foot underground bunker while teams carefully negotiated through a ventilation pipe. Dykes allowed what authority called comfort items to be sent down that pipe. Toys, coloring books, potato chips and ethan's medication. Police were careful not to anger dykes , believed to be watching news reports in the bunker , and even thanked him at one point. I want to thank him for taking care of our child. That's very important. Reporter: By night, police flew drones over that bunker , looking for signs ethan was still alive. All this, as the small town in alabama watched and prayed. Just today, a group of children made birthday cards for ethan , who will soon turn 6. He's my friend and I love playing with him. Reporter: Tonight, hugs and thanks, now that the town's prayers have been answered. And tonight, we don't know exactly how fbi agents got into that bunker . But we can tell you that we did hear a loud explosion, or, at the very least the sound of a loud  agonizing standoff in  alabama . Police trying an underground  bunker  by a man with 5-year-old boy named " ethan "  hostage . 65-year-old  jimmy lee dykes  has been holed an underground  bunker  while authorities continue and  ethan  appears physically  And last night we told you about that agonizing standoff in alabama Police trying to rescue a 5-year-old snatched from a school bus and held captive in an underground bunker by a man with a gun. Well, today we got our first look at that man. Here's abc's gio benitez. Reporter: This is our first look at the man holding a 5-year-old boy named " ethan " hostage . 65-year-old jimmy lee dykes has been holed up with the child for four days in an underground bunker while authorities swarm above. The boy was snatched tuesday, after police say dykes stormed a school bus, killing the driver, charles poland. Today, the bus was removed from the scene, amid new details of how the children were traumatized. The first ones I talked to was 3 or 4, that were standing there in a circle kind of huddled together. And ththey was okay that they just had saw a gentleman get shot. Reporter: Pastor michael senn, who counseled the school children just minutes after the kidnapping, said dykes wanted more than just one child that day. He wanted two children between the ages of 6 and 8 from what I understand. Reporter: Dykes has been talking with negotiators through a ventilation pipe and has allowed the boy's medication to be sent down. The child is believed to have autism. Experts say negotiators will go slow, trying to gain trust and not do anything to agitate dykes like cutting off the electricity or putting sleeping gas down the pipe. And while talks continue and ethan appears physically unharmed, the wait is take its toll on all in this small town.  who brought little  ethan  home. Reporter A kidnapper named  jimmy lee dykes  is on a school bus fortified untsdz ground  bunker , rigged with homemade made to take the  bunker  by force. They immediately an ied inside the  bunker , as well? Yes  into the crime and to the extraordinary brave people who brought little ethan home. Reporter: You are about to hear a voice that is every parent's nightmare. I want two kids, 6 to 8 years old. I mean it. Right now! Right now! Reporter: A kidnapper named jimmy lee dykes is on a school bus and he's got a gun. I need two boys! 6 to 8 years old. Two boys. Come on! Reporter: The recordings, obtained exclusively by abc news, tell a story of madness and heroism. This is the voice of the hero who put his life on the line to protect the school children. I can't do it. Do it! Sorry. You're going to have to shoot me. Reporter: Bus driver charles poland stands firm. It's my responsibility to keep these kids -- I can't help that. I can't turn them over to somebody else. Reporter: Dykes turns his attention to a little boy named ethan sitting directly behind the driver. He's only 5 years old and has autism. Poland pleads, "not ethan ." Dykes shoots him five times in front of the terrified children. He could have taken several kids, if it were not for the specific actions of chuck poland. It's amazing that -- the faith that he had. Reporter: Another hero, 15-year-old tre watts, has the courage to dial 911. Oh, my gosh. What's going on? The bus driver's dead. What's he doing now, honey? He took a kid! He took a kid! He took a kid! Reporter: Unbelievable. He stayed calm. He described the subject in detail. Reporter: Dykes takes ethan to a fortified untsdz ground bunker rigged with homemade bombs. When we identified the ied, it was a game-changer. Reporter: An army of more than 300 police and fbi agents converge on the scene. And with that, a six-day siege begins. But negotiations with dykes grow tense. He is angry with the government. You know I have the knowledge, I have the experience. I have the ability and I have the to show just how corrupt this system is. He began losing patience with us and issuing ultimatums. He was handling his weapons. Reporter: The decision is made to take the bunker by force. They immediately received gunfire from mr. Dykes Reporter: There was an ied inside the bunker as well? Yes, sir. He was in the process of trying to detonate it. Reporter: Dykes is shot and killed in the confrontation. Ethan and the agents, remarkably, escape injury. The children on that bus, hundreds of police and fbi agents, all displayed courage under fire. But they all point to the sacrifice of the hero bus driver, charles poland. He laid down his life for ethan and the children in his care. Diane, we spoke to mr. Poland's wife. She's so proud of her husband. And she said  When little  Ethan  was kidnapped off a school bus in  Alabama  all reported almost home when  Jimmy Lee dykes  known as the Stormed onto their  Alabama  school bus wielding an underground  bunker  he is secretly scientists to  Alabama . Seen it was  news exclusive a gripping inside account of what really happened. When little Ethan was kidnapped off a school bus in Alabama all reported -- our Chief Justice correspondent Pierre Thomas appear. This information these tapes are just extraordinary and they show the epitome of heroism. Good morning George really years. We're going to give our friends at home unprecedented access to what really happened when little Ethan was kidnapped. It was situation far more dangerous than we ever knew and will actually hear from the kidnap -- for the first time. It's a story about good and evil about heroes and people willing to make unbelievable sacrifices. The 21 children are almost home when Jimmy Lee dykes known as the mean men of the neighborhood. Stormed onto their Alabama school bus wielding a gun. -- -- actually wants to kidnap the children. Bus driver Charles -- resists -- man he thought  FBI quickly dispatches -- -- one of its top behavioral scientists to Alabama . Seen it was. Angry. That intelligence. And controls. Police are choosing their words carefully Paula thank you for taking care of our child they know are -- watching TV. But -- grows more belligerent it is now day six listen as he rants at negotiators. When you get -- -- sent some pulled down I am unless there to their fifth dykes is furious at the government. The ability and I have the -- To show just -- it -- dam system has just  the FBI in Mobile,  Alabama . With me today is Wally Colonel call with  Alabama  bureau of investigation. Major to. Chief of  Alabama  bureau of an investigation child has been held  hostage  for nearly a week deteriorated. And mr.  dykes  was observed whole was danger. Entered the  bunker  and rescue the child  Steve Richardson as special agent in charge of the FBI in Mobile, Alabama . With me today is -- Wally Olsen. Colonel -- -- call with Alabama bureau of investigation. Major -- to. Chief of Alabama bureau of an investigation. At approximately 312 this afternoon. FBI agents safely recovered the child has been held hostage for nearly a week. Within the past 24 hours negotiations deteriorated. And mr. dykes was observed whole -- was -- was observed holding a gun. At this point FBI agents -- the child was an imminent danger. Entered the bunker and rescue the child. The child appears physically unharmed. And is being treated at a local hospital. The subject is deceased the  underground  bunker  where he was held  hostage . For seven latest from and  Alabama . After a ending today  Alabama  where the 65 year old  Jimmy Lee dykes  is dead the bus say  Ethan  like to sit And the  hostage  taker so the  As that kidnapped five year old boy is rescued from the underground bunker where he was held hostage . For seven grueling days late this evening President Obama -- the FBI on the daring raid that safely freed the little boy. With the ABC's GO Benitez to this broadcast for the first time with the latest from -- and Alabama . After a weeklong standoff a happy ending today -- Alabama where the little boy kidnapped from a school bus is now safe. Tonight a new picture of five year old -- I've been to the hospital. Have visited with the -- He is doing fine. He's laughing joking and playing and eating. That things that you would expect to normal five this picture old. Young man to do. The suspect 65 year old Jimmy Lee dykes is dead. ABC news has learned authorities were able to insert a high tech -- brought into the bunker and monitored -- movements. When they became increasingly concerned he might act out they position the swat team near the entrance. And use an explosive charge to get into the bunker and neutralize -- At this point FBI agents bearing the child was an imminent danger. Entered the bunker and rescued the child the terrifying standoff began last Tuesday when -- boarded a school bus and threaten the kids. I love he's happy about threatening to kill us -- -- -- and and he's our all -- -- -- Dikes that allegedly shot and killed the bus driver and kidnapped -- -- -- -- -- -- Yeah record river -- world. School kids on the bus say Ethan like to sit in the front row and that after -- grabbed him he headed to a bunker he built behind his house. Hayes always -- -- aware person and I always felt that that was just the way he is -- was a decorated Vietnam vet who grew up in an area nearby. He moved back two years ago. Neighbors in this tiny rural Alabama town say he wants beat a dog with a lead pipe and had threatened to shoot children who set foot on his property. One neighbor saw the underground shelter dikes have built behind his house. It's Liam where -- red -- -- in it. He's got steps made out of cinder blocks going down to it. Passing us in you know boy using their -- that it's -- -- storm shelter. Five year old Ethan who is believed to have autism. Was held captive in that underground bunker just six feet by eight feet while police and swat teams above ground carefully negotiated through a ventilation pipe. -- aloud what authorities called comfort items to be sent down that -- toys coloring books potato chips and -- medication. Police were careful not to anger -- believed to be watching news reports in the bunker and even thanked him one for all of thank -- for. For taking care of our child. It's very important that you don't agitate the relationship between the negotiator. And the hostage taker so -- the sheriff saying. That he appreciates. Mr. dykes sort of assistance if you well -- -- Was to sort of reinforce look we understand you're trying to help us figure this out. Law enforcement had drones flying over dikes house looking for signs that Ethan was alive and possible ways in to rescue him. Not only has the special needs child been kidnapped. He's also been witness to a murder right in front of his eyes all the while his family and friends and do nothing but wait. The -- -- react is the date date we do tend to have a natural recovery process from trauma but this is there really severe trauma longstanding trauma that's directly affecting him and it and a very scary way. Former FBI negotiators silly BC news that rushing the bunker and a rescue mission was the last resort especially in the case. Where the hostage taker may have planned the crime in advance this may be why police waited seven days before acting. We've got Arnold saying. Do -- delay in order to save time. The more patient approach they take the less likely they -- make mistakes. To moving slowly to get right to communicate properly. And slowly and gently -- this law enforcement sources say authorities had to handle what's slowly in order to keep -- saint. You have to take into consideration if you're gonna go in that room and go after mr. dykes . You have to be extremely careful because any sort of device you might use against him. Could obviously harm Ethan because he's right there Ethan is now at a local hospital for treatment and is said to be physically unharmed. Over the past week this small community  locked in a  bunker  for seven long a week-long  hostage  standoff is in Negotiators convinced  jimmy lee dykes  to approach the was dead and  ethan  was safe. The raid, while  hostage  negotiators tried here in southern  alabama  to get our first ground above,  hostage  negotiators remained  the daring secret operation that freed a little boy, locked in a bunker for seven long days. How did they free him? Well, tonight, we are hearing reports of a gun fight, as they moved in to save a child. Abc's gio benitez following it all for us. Reporter: The little boy at the center of a week-long hostage standoff is in his mother's arm, and tonight, the fbi's bold plan to rescue him coming into sharp focus. Negotiators convinced jimmy lee dykes to approach the bunker door to accept delivery of an item. There, fbi agents set off an explosive device. Law enforcement officers say dykes fired on the agents. They fired back. Moments later, dykes was dead and ethan was safe. The fbi and highly specialized s.W.A.T. Teams spent seven days planning the raid, while hostage negotiators tried to keep dykes talking. We boarded a hall continuer here in southern alabama to get our first look at dykes' underground bunker site. You can see a number of small structures on this plot of land. But what dykes didn't know, just across the street, the fbi had recently built this mock bunker to train agents for different scenarios. You can practice breaching the door. You can practice how to get a camera inside. And ultimately design how you're going to assault this bunker . Reporter: As authorities swarmed the ground above, hostage negotiators remained in contact with dykes , speaking through a ventilation pipe. Authorities were able to sneak a small camera inside the six by eight foot bunker to monitor dykes' movements. Then, when authorities saw dykes becoming increasingliage talted and holding a gun, they put their plan into action. Now ethan is recuperating from his ordeal. Just moments ago, we received a letter from ethan's mom. She says for the first time in a week, she woke up to a beautiful sight this morning -- her sweet  And, in  alabama  tonight, law 5-year-old boy held  hostage  in an underground  bunker . His captor 5-year-old boy named  ethan  is spending in this tiny  alabama  town surrounded.  Hostage  negotiators 65-year-old  jimmy lee dykes , through a  And, in alabama tonight, law enforcement officials are searching for enough wisdom to prevent a tragedy. A standoff is under way, a frightened 5-year-old boy held hostage in an underground bunker . His captor has a gun. So, what should police do next? Abc's gio benitez is there. Reporter: Just beyond that line of trees, a 5-year-old boy named ethan is spending his third terrifying day in captivity. Dozens of police and s.W.A.T. Teams have the property in this tiny alabama town surrounded. Hostage negotiators have been talking regularly to the kidnapper, 65-year-old jimmy lee dykes , through a ventilation pipe. That's an innocent kid, let him go back to his parents. He's crying for his parents and his grandparents and he does not know what's going on. Reporter: Police say the two are in a six by eight foot bunker four feet underground. I've actually seen the hole, the bunker he's in now. He's got steps made out of cinder blocks going down to it. Reporter: Authorities say the veteran has enough supplies to last for weeks. He is allowing the boy, described as a child with autism, to watch television and take medicatn sent down through that pipe. Alabama state senator harri anne smith has been with the child's mother since the beginning of the standoff. Ethan's mom did want me to convey a message to the community and the people of this area, that she's extremely grateful for  from the  bunker  where he of little  Ethan  rescued from that  Alabama bunker . After being held  hostage  for nearly down by 200  dykes  there's called him  Jimmy Lee dykes  it was a could hear  Jimmy Lee dykes  growing increasingly kind even to  Jimmy Lee dykes . FBI telling  to our exclusive in just a moment that first video of little Ethan rescued from that Alabama bunker . After being held hostage for nearly a week. But first the breaking story at this hour the major blizzard hitting much of the country tonight and  first interview with little  ethan 's mom, spe  alabama bunker  as a  hostage . New details on how the in captivity, held in a  bunker  by  jimmy lee dykes , the man who snatched Phil visited  ethan  in  alabama , just four days after  7:43, with that first interview with little ethan's mom, spe alabama bunker as a hostage New details on how the captor treated him and how ethan is recovering right now. Abc's abbie boudreau has the story. Reporter: For the first time, little et and his mother, jennifer kirkland, are speaking out. Revealing new details about the six days in captivity, held in a bunker by jimmy lee dykes the man who snatched the boy off a school bus after shooting the driver in cold blood. What happened in that bunker We know, for example, that mr. Dykes did seem to have some empathy for the child. We do know that mr. Dykes fried him chicken in the bunker to feed him and take care of him. Reporter: Dr. Phil visited ethan in alabama just four days after the daring rescue. Has he volunteered anything about this? He has said a few things. And I know he is having a very hard time sleeping soundly. He swings his arms. Tosses and turns. And he's cried out a few times. Reporter: Dr. Phil says ethan hasn't been back to school yet. And even the sight of the school bus seems to agitate him. He has reported to really fixate on that. And the boy can't take his eyes off of it. Reporter: What does that tell you? That he associates that with something that was very traumatic for him. Reporter: The dr. Phil show says it plans to follow up with ethan a mother to provide support and resources. The dr. Phil foundation is making a financial contribution to help support ethan in the future. Do you think ethan had a grasp of what happened to him? From an adult perspective, no. But I think he understands it was a very  relieved to see  ethan  smile. That rescued from the  bunker . Tonight, I Midland city,  alabama . A town that along the route,  jimmy lee dykes , who demanded next. Little  ethan  stolen from the trapped in that  bunker . Last night  tweets during "20/20" last night. So many of you relieved to see ethan smile. That little boy rescued from the bunker . Tonight, I wanted to tell you about the one man that everyone is talking about. It's hardly the bad guy. This guy was the hero. Midland city, alabama . A town that relies on prayer, and on that january afternoon, a town that would also rely on a school bus driver, a quiet man named chuck poland, who called the schoolchildren on his bus his kids. He was driving that day, flagged down by a man who lived along the route, jimmy lee dykes , who demanded children from the bus. When the driver tried to put that bus in reverse he was shot and killed. We all know what happened next. Little ethan stolen from the front seat. Six days trapped in that bunker . Last night, here, those first images of ethan . In an abc news exclusive. Family hoping that we should america that ethan's smile has returned. There was something that we heard over and over again. There's a long line of heroes. I don't use that word lightly. I can also tell you that mr. Poland, the bus driver, is a hero. This could have been so much worse. I have no doubt that his children from being harmed. Reporter: Ethan's family talking to us. A thank you to the bus driver who always saved that front seat for ethan . What do you make of the bus driver? The fact that he -- the man is a hero. The man is a  5-year-old  ethan  since that little a week held  hostage  in that underground  bunker  in  alabama . S.W.A just back from  alabama  with the first underground  bunker  by  jimmy lee dykes . The child get from the  hostage  the messages  news exclusive this morning. We have the first new video of 5-year-old ethan since that little boy was rescued after spending nearly a week held hostage in that underground bunker in alabama S.W.A.T. Teams got ethan out just in time to celebrate his birthday. And abc's david muir is just back from alabama with the first images of ethan Reporter: Good morning. This birthday party was held at a church with little ethan his mother and older brother. Pops, grandad, also there. The s.W.A.T. Teams, the fbi, thenegotiators hugging him at the party. Ethan's family tls me he's not spoken of the bunker or the man im captive. But you see right here this morning, his giant smile is back. Buddy, why don't you play with your cars. Okay. Reporter: This morning, an abc news exclusive, the first home movies of little ethan And images from his sixth birdie party. The party his town had been praying for. Just days before he turned 6, ethan was snatched from the front seat of that school bus, dragged to an underground bunker by jimmy lee dykes The child appears physically unharmed and is being treated at a local hospital. The subject is deceased. Reporter: In his first interview, ethan's brother telling me about the text messages the family would get from the hostage the messages that would keep the family going. We didn't know when, at times, he was asleep. And that was around 9:00 at night. Reporter: They would at least be able to tell you he's gone to bed for the night? Yes. We'd normally get a text or something that he had fallen asleep. Reporter: Was that at least some comfort? That was a lot of comfort, where I could go lay my head down. Reporter: Ethan's older brother never left their mother's side. You were there when you got the call? We were all there when they told us. Reporter: What did say they? They said, we have ethan Reporter: And the fbi's special agent, whose call it was to enter the bunker says suspect left behind writings. And in the bunker he became agitated, bragging about his plan. At the end of the day, the responsibility was mine. I thought the child was going to die. Reporter: Chilling words from that special agent with the fbi. He told me they were convinced time was running out. Tonight on "20/20," what it was they saw and heard that that bunker that signaled dykes was about to harm ethan What we never knew. The fbi revealing to me, the gunman's only friend in that town, the sole friend that reached out  monitored that  bunker  he could see he could hear  Jimmy Lee dykes  growing increasingly and at makeshift  bunker . It's moving as return it.  Ethan  is playing you been kind even to  Jimmy Lee dykes . FBI telling us  scenes at BI agency -- growing increasingly worried two. We monitored that bunker he could see he could hear Jimmy Lee dykes growing increasingly agitated. He was holding a gun. He's bragging about his unfolding plans to time for negotiating and suddenly over what.  at a small elite team that have been practicing and at makeshift bunker . It's moving it. They told likes what they had told him before they -- to drop off more than -- medicine. But  finds two bombs -- the reason for the plan one of the bunker the other in that ventilation -- And they discovered weddings left behind by dikes that the FBI told us might one day shed light on his motive. Meantime the town includes family moving forward with plans for that sixth birthday party. And tonight -- ABC news exclusive. The first images of -- after the rescue. The family told us they hoped -- -- show America that he didn't smile as return it. Ethan is playing you get the -- telling us he hasn't spoken of the bunker of that man. Instead focusing on his new toy cars and finally celebrating a birthday to town church -- only other trip  World News 2/05: License to Kill: Government Authorizes Drone Strikes on US Citizens boy held in the  bunker . New details where he was held  hostage  by a man with convinced capture  Jimmy Lee dykes . To approach planning a raid  hostage  negotiators tried here in southern  Alabama  to get our first ground above  hostage  negotiators remained action. Now  Ethan  is recuperating  the daring secret operation that freed a little boy locked in a bunker for seven long days. How did they free him well tonight we are hearing reports of a gun fight as they moved in to save a child. ABC's -- Benitez following -- all for us. This little boy is now -- his mother's arms away from that underground bunker where he was held hostage by a man with a gun. And we learned tonight an improvised explosive device the FBI is bold plan to rescue him coming into sharp focus. ABC news has confirmed that negotiators convinced -- capture Jimmy Lee dykes . To approach the bunker -- to accept delivery of an -- there -- FBI agents that often explosive device law enforcement sources say -- fire on the agents. They fired back and moments later -- was dead and -- was safe. The FBI and highly specialized swat teams spent seven days planning a raid -- hostage negotiators tried to keep -- talking. We boarded a helicopter here in southern Alabama to get our first look at dikes underground -- site you can see here -- a number of small structures on this lot of -- But look what dogs didn't know was just across the street. The FBI had secretly built this -- bunker to trade agents for different scenarios you can practice -- the door. You can practice how to get a camera inside an -- only design. How you're going to assault. This -- as authorities swarmed the ground above hostage negotiators remained in contact with -- speaking through a ventilation pipe. Authorities were able to secretly placed a small camera. Inside the six by eight foot bunker to monitor -- movements then what authorities -- -- becoming increasingly agitated. And holding a gun. They put their plan into action. Now Ethan is recuperating from his ordeal. And just moments ago we received a letter from Putin's mold she -- up for the first  ethan , as he celebrates the underground  bunker . Gio benitez is in midland city,  alabama . Good morning this homemade  bunker . Another inside hostagetaker,  jimmy lee dykes . New photos show to approach the  bunker  hatch around 3  ethan , as he celebrates his sixth birthday at home today. We're learning details of the daring fbi raid on the underground bunker . Gio benitez is in midland city, alabama . Good morning, gio. Reporter: Good morning, george. These details are riveting. We were shocked to learn that just feet away from us, from all of the reporters, law enforcement officers were training to take out their suspect. Abc news has learned bomb technicians have found two homemade explosives where the little boy named ethan was being held. One inside this homemade bunker . Another inside this white vent ration pipe negotiators were using to communicate with hostagetaker, jimmy lee dykes . New photos show the entrance to the makeshift underground cell. Sources say this is where the raid went down monday, after negotiators convinced dykes to approach the bunker hatch around 3:00 p.M. Police knew he was armed. But sources say dykes had also fortified the door. Fbi agents quickly set off an explosion. And a firefight began. Abc news has learned, dykes fired on the agents first. They fired back. Moments later, dykes was dead and little ethan was rushed from the bunker . In split-seconds, flash, bang, shoot, before mr. Dykes would have an opportunity to react. Reporter: Sources say that's exactly what fbi agents did, rehearsing the raid not far from where the boy was being held. You can see the mock bunker the fbi built to train for different scenarios. You can practice breaching the door. You can practice having a camera inside. And ultimately design how you're going to assault this bunker . Reporter: This morning, thanks to that raid, ethan is with his family. Today is his sixth birthday. In a statement, his mother calls him, the most beautiful sight. Saying, how incredible it is to hold him again. And now, little ethan appears to be back to normal. As we said, he's been watching one of his favorite programs, "spongebob squarepants." Gio, thank you  about down in  alabama . Little  ethan  is safe. Rescued underground  bunker  to free him midland city,  alabama . Reporter underground  bunker , where 65-year-old  jimmy lee dykes  was holding the child  hostage . Sources tell  And talk about down in alabama . Little ethan is safe. Rescued by the fbi. He was having a great time last night. Surrounded by his toys. It's been a harrowing week for little ethan . It all ended with the fbi raiding that underground bunker to free him from the man who held him captive. Police were watching every moment on that little camera. They only went in when they thought the 5-year-old was in imminent danger. Abc's gio benitez has the latest from midland city, alabama . Reporter: So often, we're telling stories that have truly But this day is different. This story is about a little boy's rescue. Overnight, 5-year-old ethan , seen here in a photo obtained exclusively by abc news, was evaluated at a nearby hospital. He arrived sitting up on a stretcher. And this morning, his family tells abc news, he is in good spirits and appears unharmed. Even playing with his toy dinosaur. Ethan , he is doing fine. He's laughing, joking, playing, eating. Reporter: The fbi says, after a week-long standoff, it finally made the call monday to raid the homemade, underground bunker , where 65-year-old jimmy lee dykes was holding the child hostage . Sources tell abc news, the decision came after agents inserted a small camera inside the bunker to monitor dykes' movements. Mr. Dykes was holding a gun. Fbi agents, fearing the child was in imminentdanger, entered the bunker and rescued the child. Reporter: In a matter of minute, just after 3:00 p.M., agents used an explosive charge to blow open the entrance. They killed dykes , before taking the boy to a nearby hospitaly ambulance. Abc news has learned in the course of a week-long standoff, the fbi had created this mock bunker near the site. And had been using it to train for different scenarios to get the boy out. Monday's raid was not the ending police had thought. They spent days negotiating with the decorated vietnam veteran, through a ventilation shaft. When the talks finally broke down, police say they had no other choice but to catch dykes by surprise. Incredibly, ethan's mother had asked police days ago, not to kill dykes . She put her hand on the officer's heart and said, sir, don't hurt him. He's sick. Reporter: You know, friends and family tell us that little ethan is a boy that loves to be hugged. And you can bet, he's getting those hugs today. Thanks, gio.  the terrifying  hostage  standoff in  alabama  where a 5-year-old held captain nif a  bunker  by this man,  jimmy lee dykes . Gio benitez has say this man,  jimmy lee dykes , is holding a 5-year-old boy named  ethan hostage . It's been seven  Amy. It's day seven in the terrifying hostage standoff in alabama where a 5-year-old boy is being held captain nif a bunker by this man, jimmy lee dykes Gio benitez has the latest. Reporter: When will this little boy with autism be let go. Police say he's not been med. This morning, drones like this are flying over the homemade underground bunker where police say this man, jimmy lee dykes is holding a 5-year-old boy named ethan hostage . It's been seven days since he stormed a school bus here in midland city, threatening the students on board before killing the driver and kidnapping ethan He's like, I'll kill y'all. Reporter: Police admit they have little to go on. Few demands, no motive. No sense of when the standoff may end. It gives them more time to study the bunker Has he booby trapped the door? Reporter: Dykes is holding the boy in a remote part of southern alabama They've been communicating with him through a ventilation pipe that leads to the bunker They've used to it send the child comfort item, a red hot wheels car, potato chips, medicine. Over the weekend, a press conference to thank the hostage tark. I want to thank him for taking care of our child. That's very important. Reporter: Meantime, late sunday, this tight-knit community buried bus driver chuck poland, who died prote protecting the children. Ethan hang tough little man. We love you. We're praying for you. Reporter: Little ethan's birthday is quickly approaching. He turn 6 in just a few days. 