focused. On the role that  Iran  is playing in financing ABC's Jim has more from the  Iran  in capital. Become. Events Lebanon now. But it's  Iranian  military support for Hezbollah officials most. They believe  Iran  has supplied his Mo Lewis Tel Aviv. Do you many  Iranians  tell us their country is miracle. The official  Iranian  government position is Morning America Jim shoot ABC  Tehran . And help us understand this  Iran  Hezbollah alliance who before this cease fire. But  Iran  has also a senator's that region are Sunnis  Egypt  Jordan Saudi Arabian for Shiites but now has And  Iran  and much of  Iraq  Shiites there seemed to  any of its citizens go to Israel and Lebanon now. But it's Iranian military support for Hezbollah the concerns US and Israeli officials most. They believe Iran has supplied his Mo Lewis thousands of missiles from the short range Katyusha rockets. Two more sophisticated long range guided missiles like the one that disabled an Israeli warship and others which it's feared. Could strike into the heart of Israel Tel Aviv. Do you many Iranians tell us their country is too many problems -- -- to worry about Hezbollah. Many is that we have a sick economy he said if we manage to -- every morning would be a miracle. The official Iranian government position is Hezbollah doesn't need Iranian support it can defeat Israel on its own and -- Good Morning America Jim shoot -- ABC -- Tehran . And help us understand this Iran Hezbollah alliance who joined live now from San Diego by political scientist -- -- fellow. At the council on foreign relations author of the new book the Shia revival we thank you for getting up early in the west -- thanks for being with us. -- What extent is Iran involved in all of this we know they're providing the rockets but are they calling the shots. -- probably -- -- -- with Hezbollah very closely. Because Hezbollah would not escalate the war to the next level. Without consulting Iran and Iran would -- very careful about bringing itself in the middle of this conflict you can do you anticipate them then encouraging. A shot in the Tel Aviv. You know I think Iran would not do so very easy the Iran is eager -- as -- it doesn't get destroyed. And the popularity that he has gained with some remaining case before this cease fire. But Iran has also -- a senator's strong signals safe if things get out of hand they may do so but not very easy. OK let's pull out and look at the region as a whole because everything it seems there is connected many of our friends in that region are Sunnis Egypt Jordan Saudi Arabian for years. They contain the Shiites but now has -- And Iran and much of Iraq Shiites there seemed to be rising up is there a huge power shift going on in what does that mean. There -- a power shift going on that we didn't follow these countries like in Iraq also in Lebanon itself as Hezbollah is asserting itself. But across the region was seeing it on and Hezbollah forming an -- says that has pretty much hijacked the Palestinian cause. And I mean what -- -- power shift -- mean for us in Iraq . For example and we just saw yesterday massive rallies. But -- -- -- leading his people it seems to be that what's happening in northern Israel Lebanon is firing up all the Shiites in Iraq what does this mean for American troops. It is it is at risk factor that is very deep cultural and historical ties between Lebanon and Iraq for instance not let us others. I'm he actually comes from rather on -- -- and yet his grand uncle. Was the supreme leader of Iraq of Lebanon's Shiites in the 1960s. So they care very deeply about Lebanon and therefore there is a risk. Your book recommends engaging Iran . These days instead of isolating as his current US policy much the way Henry Kissinger talk to the Chinese -- Ronald Reagan. Talk to the Soviet Union there but those were Communists these are -- hobbyists will that work. What Iran uses religious fanaticism to its advantage but ultimately be much like China of the 1960s it has regional ambitions. And it's. Creating  In  Iran  tonight frank the Ayatollah A military communique on  Tehran  radio said tonight. But all waterways near the  Iranian  shores are declared war zones.  Iran  will not the communique even more fighting tonight  Iran  London ABC's Bob Xerox warplanes hit at least nine  Iranian  air bases from to to the outskirts of  Tehran . In  Tehran  tonight president Bonnie in the fight to control  Iraq 's only sealing the our number of elements to the  Iran Iraq  rivalry which give throughout the Arab gulf. The  Iranians  would define victory primarily  no immediate danger. There are however a number of elements to the Iran Iraq rivalry which give rise to serious concern that the fighting could escalate even further. In their respective capitals the two national leaders stand for diametrically opposite views of government. In Tehran the Ayatollah Khomeini threatens to export. Is Islamic revolution to other states. In Baghdad president Saddam Hussein preaches and an Arab socialism which is not run exclusively by religious leaders. Each leader would dearly like to undermine the other. Robert -- -- is a specialist on the region. The Iraqis would define victory in terms of humiliation. But the theocratic -- regime with in Tehran The regime which. For the last year and a half has -- attempting to destabilize every government and throughout the Arab gulf. The Iranians would define victory primarily. In the very modest terms of preserving they're territorial integrity. And preserving. The control of the center over the preferred. For many years each country has been determined to be the dominant force politically and militarily in the Persian gulf. Under the show off it was Iran Under Khomeini however Iran's armed forces are pale shadow of their former selves the best officers have been hurt shot or escaped. Equipment has fallen into disrepair there are no Americans spare parts or maintenance expertise. Most military analysts believe Iraq Which has been pressing Iran all along its common border has a decisive edge Iraq is largely supplied with its military equipment by the Soviet Union. In Iran and Iraq on the battlefield and beyond minority problems inflame the situation. Iranians for the most part are -- Iraqis are Arabs. The majority of Iraq's Muslims are of the same -- -- Ayatollah Khomeini. The ruling power is in the hands of another -- it -- Khomeini whose revolution could be contagious. In Iran In -- is found to be specific scene of the most serious trouble now. One million Iranians are ethnic Arabs this is Iran's oil -- the Arabs are restless want economy. Look to Iraq to support their demands. Iraqis support helps to keep Iran's central government we. It's a golden opportunity to destabilize. The Ayatollah Khomeini. Other Arabs in the region are not I'm happy to see the Ayatollah under stress but at the same time they don't like arguments about territorial change. -- in the region tonight there are a number of Arab efforts underway to mediate the crisis. This issue. This is buried on a full scale war between Iraq and Iran would have far reaching and efficient. And a secretary -- spoke to the United Nations today with Soviet foreign minister Gromyko looking on. The implication that most disturbed observers with the possibility that the superpowers could get dragged in. The Soviets have a friendship treaty with Iraq But relations between Baghdad and Moscow have become -- in recent years for example Iraq condemned the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan. A principal American concern is that the Soviets might send troops into Iran under the pretense of helping the Ayatollah. For its part the US has very little leverage with either side -- of course has no relations with -- honest and because of American support for Israel from the Camp David peace treaty. The US has no clothes at all with the Iraq Which is one of camp -- most definitely don't -- -- New York's secretary must be told reporters that the US was seriously concerned about the new situation. And campaigning in California today President Carter added that the US did not plan to take sides. Good take. Position and it's critical that Iran or Iraq stepped into the -- Through the United Nations and through. Two. In the conflict and to minimize and let him. In the past Iran has threatened that if it was attacked by Iraq that the American hostages but somehow they are you worried about that. I've always been concerned about the hostages but not not because. Officials do concede however that at very least this is a distraction for Iran's government and and will most likely delay consideration of the hostages is married owns more ABC news New York.  from damascus, we head now to  iran . And, a new, defiant challenge muir is reporting live from  tehran  tonight. David? Reporter: Diane, good evening again from  iran  this evening. The inspectors days before the u.S. And  iran  are back at the negotiating here, you'll hear from the  iranian  people with spoke with today biggest pharmacies in central  tehran , having heard life-saving  And from damascus, we head now to iran . And, a new, defiant challenge from that country, a country filled with nuclear ambition. And once again, abc's david muir is reporting live from tehran tonight. David? Reporter: Diane, good evening again from iran this evening. The inspectors who say they've discovered advanced centrifuges installed at one of iran's main nuclear facilities. They say it's proof that iran can speed up the process to a nuclear weapon. Iran says it has no such ambition, but the state department, diane, reacting quickly tonight, calling this further escalation, a provocative step, just days before the u.S. And iran are back at the negotiating table. And tonight, right here, you'll hear from the iranian people with spoke with today, many of whom say they're the ones caught in the middle. Allowed rare access to the streets here, today, we went in search of one of the biggest pharmacies in central tehran , having heard life-saving medicine is now running out. Hello. Reporter: This doctor runs the pharmacy. Right now, we are running low on every category of medicine. Reporter: And he points straight to those tightening u.S. Sanctions, meant to force iran's leaders to change course on their nuclear program, now affecting everyone. Even patients buying medicine. All of it because money in and out of iran is nearly frozen. But because of that money flow, it has stopped some of the drugs from coming in? Yes, because you are a manufacturer of a drug, you want your money. When I can't pay you, how can you send the medicine to me? Reporter: And that's all because of the sanctions? That's right. Reporter: Cameras are rarely allowed free reign in iran . But we ask him to allow us inside the pharmacy and he takes us. Is this crowd typical, the size of this  Breaking headline from  iran  this evening. That country has tonight been elected  iran 's next president. What does it mean for the u.S. In  iran ? A rally today for the president-elect centrist. The key issue for  iranians  the economy. An economic noose as  iran  has refused to reveal more program. On the streets of  iran  just this year, we heard woman and her mother. The  iranian  people. So many families This new president is an  ahmadinejad  rival. So, is there any  Breaking headline from iran this evening. That country has a new president. A cleric who just a week ago was considered a long shot, has tonight been elected iran's next president. What does it mean for the u.S. In iran ? A rally today for the president-elect hasan rowhani. A 64-year-old moderate cleric who campaigned as a centrist. The key issue for iranians the economy. An economic noose as iran has refused to reveal more of its nuclear program. On the streets of iran just this year, we heard from frustrated iranians , their money, their currency, losing 80% of its value in one year. This young woman and her mother. The iranian people. So many families telling me they can feel those sanctions. I want to bring in jonathan karl tonight, the obama administration responding to these election results. These election results certainly welcome news at the white house. In that statement the administration congratulated the iranian people and noted although this election took place against the backdrop of intimidation, the iranian people overcame those obstacles and showed they wanted to take control of their future. This new president is an ahmadinejad rival. So, is there any hope that there will be a more conciliatory approach to the relationship between the u.S. And iran ? It's important to point out, all of the candidates in this election, including mr. Rowhani ran on platforms in favor of that nuclear program, and no matter how moderate the iranian president is, the real power lies with the unelected clerics. The most important in iran remains the anti-american pro-nuclear program. Jon in for george first thing  countries in the middle east.  Iran  and  syria . Two countries on a hair hot spots tonight, and in  iran , they continue to enrich coming to you live from  tehran  tonight.  Iran  has allowed us in at this people, the streets of  tehran . Above ground, a bustling an economic noose around  iran . It's being felt by this people. Reporter: The  iranian  people.  Iranian  people. Most of them shows them shooting down a  syrian  jet fighter. This afternoon  Reporter: You hope it ends? Better days. Reporter: Meantime tonight, one of iran's closest allies, syria , also being watched by the world. As conditions quickly detier area rate, as a assad struggles to hold onto power. Abc's terry  enough about the crisis in  syria . Behind all the smiles at what to do over the crisis in  syria . In the interview with charlie offer of small arms to the  syrian  rebels is too little too late president also weighed in on  iran  and their recent election of I think it says that the  iranian  people want to move in a different clearly you have a hunger within  iran  to engage with the international  out as we saw not only about edward snowden's revelations but also syria and so much more in an interview released overnight. Our chief white house correspondent jon karl is traveling with the president in ireland. Good morning, jon. Reporter: Good morning, george. As the president wraps up his meetings with world leaders here he is pushing back hard against critics at home saying he's not doing enough about the crisis in syria . Behind all the smiles at the annual summit of the world's economic powers, big disagreement between russia and the united states about what to do over the crisis in syria . In the interview with charlie rose for pbs, president obama lashed out at criho say his offer of small arms to the syrian rebels is too little too late. If you haven't been in the situation room poring through intelligence and meeting directly with our military folks, unless you've been involved in those conversations, then it's kind of hard for you to understand that the complexities of the situation and how we have to not rush into one more war in the middle east. Reporter: The president also weighed in on iran and their recent election of a relatively moderate president. I think it says that the iranian people want to move in a different direction, clearly you have a hunger within iran to engage with the international community in a more positive way. Reporter: And closer to home, president obama defended newly revealed nsa  willingness to receive the  Egypt . But the shop refers not So long as authorities in  Tehran  refused to allow. In a day. The government of  Iran  must recognize the gravity to return in the shown to  Iran . And if no other country Antonio might have on the  Iranian  crisis would touch its life but don't convict the  Iranians  and then go somewhere else force base Texas. Here in  Iran  at the beginning of another favor. This headline in  Tehran 's only English language have been registered. In  Iran 's border provinces Azerbaijan independence from the rest of  Iraq . The yes vote which seems  a good idea that throughout Michigan man here but don't convict the Iranians and then go somewhere else. About 250 Iranians attends San Antonio college and today there were heated arguments there. That they did not want you night. Yeah. Yeah. The Iranians want to demonstrate outside -- and air force base on Friday. The city's mayor -- Cochran says the city -- decide Wednesday whether to issue permits. The show has reportedly been moved to visiting officers quarters some distance inside the base. In any case are Iranians are not likely to force their way -- -- this space there's too much security. Riot training as one of the courses taught here and this drill was canceled abruptly when -- -- learned it was being photographed. The press was expelled from the base yesterday. Charles Murphy ABC news -- an air force base Texas. Here in Iran at the beginning of another week students holding fifty hostages at the American Embassy still give no sign of allowing an independent appraisal of their condition. At the government level there is no serious sign of wanting to negotiate an end to the Arabian American crisis. Today Iran has moved one step closer to becoming a nation which will be run under the guidelines of Islam. It was the second day of voting for an Islamic constitution. And his -- -- reports there was a wholesale vote in its favor. This headline in Tehran's only English language daily was composed about eighteen hours before the polls closed here. But there's no law against electioneering and voters -- people. The Paper predicted they would you -- the -- constantly. Which -- confirmed sweeping powers to the Ayatollah Khomeini. The ballots were not exactly cast and privacy. I discarding Green card meant -- an individual had voted against the constitution. Most of the no votes seemed to have been registered. In Iran's border provinces Azerbaijan. Kurdistan and the Lucas -- Where the country's Sunni Muslim and ethnic minorities have been campaigning often violently. For their independence from the rest of Iraq . The yes vote which seems to be running at about 2001 probably has a lot to do with a takeover of the  Americans are under arrest in  Iran . After the allegedly crossed over the  Iraq  border into  Iraq . The Americans Jim shooter who was just in  Iran  is working the story tonight officials say they've seen the  Iranian  press reports that three steel. They were students in  Syria  they moved to Turkey they the end then went up to the  Iran Iraq  border to go hiking follows the recent protests in  Iran  you were covering that after good time for Washington  Iranian  relations. Well the  Iranian to that not not that many  Iranians  believe it and gives ammunition  Three Americans are under arrest in Iran After the allegedly crossed over the Iraq border into Iraq The Americans believed to be college students on vacation. Reportedly were warned to stay away from the borders are just what were they doing there. Our foreign correspondent Jim shooter who was just in Iran is working the story tonight from our London bureau and Jim what do we know about these students. What. US State Department officials say they've seen the Iranian press reports that three Americans have been arrested they're asking the Swiss. Diplomats there to confirm that the US doesn't have diplomatic relations with the rounds of the Swiss serve that role of piecing together the reports this is what we know three Americans. Name's Shane Bauer Sarah short and Joshua steel. They were students in Syria they moved to Turkey they went to Northern Iraq known as Kurdistan. And they were staying in the city of so -- the end then went up to the Iran Iraq border to go hiking and that one of their group put a fourth student stayed back in the hotel -- got a phone call on Thursday from those students saying. They were surrounded by armed men and they were arrested. We know this follows the recent protests in Iran you were covering that after the election this does not come at a good time for Washington Iranian relations. Well the Iranian regime has been portraying the opposition movement as controlled inspired directed by foreign powers particularly the US so to have. Three Americans arrested along the border. Easily portrayed in the Iranian press as agents of of the US government gives ammunition to that not not that many Iranians believe it and gives ammunition to that theory. It also gives the Iranian government leverage at the time during US negotiations of the nuclear program as well as US objections to the crackdown after the  United States today. Nuclear  Iran  potentially this week weapons evidence they say to see that  Iran  is still working on a nuclear This country can sanction.  Iran  in Central Bank right now now. To do what they did in  Syria  what they did in  Iraq . Which is take out that nuclear He would need to discuss  Iran 's nuclear capabilities and would not be able to stop  Iran . That's another point which last few as well actually in  Tehran . And the summer of 2009  do that kind because what we haven't discussed is that if -- Iran is attacked -- got proxies or -- it's gone Hezbollah's hamas' got Hezbollah on Latin America. It's right next door to Afghanistan and Iran Iraq -- US. -- forces in targets arsenic could be a a huge proxy war against US target. That's absolutely right Christian when  end  syria 's civil war, vowing he rare moment, athletes from  iran  coming to new york city to recent reporting from inside  iran  we were told the  iranians  had been invited to the u Reporter: Our recent trip to  iran  and that rare access to the share the same stage as the  iranians . In the corner jordan burrows. He beat  iran  for the gold. Even still his name. Soon after, the  iranian  president waving to the crowd  end syria's civil war, vowing he would never step down. To a very rare moment, athletes from iran coming to new york city to compete. During our recent reporting from inside iran we were told the iranians had been invited to the u.S. But no one could tell us if both governments would allow it to happen. Reporter: Our recent trip to iran and that rare access to the streets. You might remember we were there when we heard of something extraordinarily rare, iran and america sharing the same stage. After several requests we were allowed in. At first not all of us. The guard telling us our female producer couldn't go in. She can not come? No. We kept asking and they finally allowed her in, one of the only women in this entire arena where american wrestlers were invited to share the same stage as the iranians . In the corner jordan burrows. He beat iran for the gold. Even still when his name was called there -- chanting his name. Soon after, the iranian president waving to the crowd watching the iranians and the americans on the map. And that nod from the president when he noticed our crew from america. At the time we had been told these wrestlers from iran had been invited to come here. This week they came to new york's grand central station, the first u.S. Appearance by the iranian wrestling team in a decade. As the iranian coach celebrates a victory in that moment, the american coach marking a diplomatic plan. Any time you can use wrestling as the bridge to bring countries like iran and the u.S. Together, it's great. Reporter: That american wrestler jordan was right there. It's a mutual respect between us and iranian wrestlers. Reporter: His message reminding us of a photo and a tweet asking who says iran and america don't get along. Reporter: That team now heading home, their trip shorter than expected. The iranians beat the americans in new york and were to compete again in l.A. The trip cut short, some speculating it was pressure  implications the president of  Iran  has invited. The president of  Iraq  to come for a visit. Simple analysts say in essence the  Iranian  President Lockwood and a play kingmaker in  Iraq .  Iran  is in a showdown with the Israel off the map. And now  Iran 's president is playing clever move on  Iran 's part.  Ahmadinejad  and  Iran  have the United States out involved and that is  Iraq .  Syria  made a similar move over  In a move would potentially stunning implications the president of Iran has invited. The president of Iraq to come for a visit. Simple on its face however Middle East analysts say in essence the Iranian President Lockwood -- and -- a job part of President Bush's axis of evil. Is putting himself in a position to mediate the war in Iraq and make himself even more of a power in the region. Here's our national security correspondent Jonathan Karl Jon. -- was so when he -- swirling around about how to change course in Iraq are wrong now sees an opening. The country scene as enemy number one to the United States is now making a bid to play kingmaker in Iraq . Iran is in a showdown with the US over its nuclear program and threatening to wipe Israel off the map. And now Iran's president is playing the Iraq card. Inviting the president of Iraq to a summit but the message -- Ron not the US can solve Iraq's problems. What Iran is saying to Iraq is look if you want stability in your country and you think we can help you. Don't go to Washington. Come directly to once it's a move designed to limit US influence in the region it's a very clever move on Iran's part. Ahmadinejad and Iran have -- the United States out. Of the part of the Middle East in which the United States is most centrally involved and that is Iraq . Syria made a similar move over the weekend sending a high level delegation to Baghdad for the first time since the fall Saddam Hussein. And formally reestablishing diplomatic ties with Iraq for the first time -- 24 years. The Bush Administration is facing pressure to meet with Iran and Syria British prime minister Tony Blair says it should happen and the commission co chaired by former secretary of state James Baker. Is expected to say the same thing. Meanwhile the US accuses both countries of being the problem not the solution. Today the US military accused Syria of allowing more than 100 foreign fighters every month to cross its border into Iraq . And the US blames Iran for arming Shia militias supplying the bulk of the roadside bombs responsible for killing so many US troops. I believe what president  answer yeah. Of course then just became ridiculous it was hysterical and it now I had I mean like white Eminem is an  Iraq  needs to  Iran  everything everything dressing now Saran litigants that what authority. As well as well I don't know went downstairs  and it now I had I mean like white Eminem is an Iraq needs to Iran everything everything -- dressing -- now Saran -- litigants -- -- that what authority. As well as well I don't know went  Iran 's seizure of fifteen British detainees are now being held in  Tehran  the  Iranian  government insists the brits ABC's Mike Lee. Today  Iranian  officials claim to have confessions Britain's formal warning to  Iraq . minutes and claims  Iraq route between Britain and  Iran  have the seizure of fifteen the gulf has escalated. In  Iran  a much different story reports running high between the  Iranians  and the west. British and  Iran's seizure of fifteen British sailors and Marines on patrol in the Persian gulf. As detainees are now being held in Tehran -- the Iranian government insists the brits carried out an act of quote blatant aggression. More from ABC's Mike Lee. Today Iranian officials claim to have confessions from these captured British sailors and Marines. Seen here in -- patrol -- -- before they were seized yesterday. Nearly -- -- but British Marines have confessed that they knew they were in Iranian territorial waters -- the rams deputy military chief. As the incident unfolded there was stunned disbelief on this British ship with the sailors and Marines were stationed in the Persian gulf. And a denial that they have strayed into Iranian waters. There's actually no -- in my -- That they would -- -- diplomatic efforts to defuse the crisis continued in London today following Britain's formal warning to Iraq . -- minutes and claims Iraq standoff. The incident is headline news in London where the British version is reported this. The route between Britain and Iran have the seizure of fifteen British naval -- -- in the gulf has escalated. In Iran a much different story reports that a British diplomat has been called onto the carpet for quote. The illegal -- and British Marines into Iranian waters all of this as tensions are running high between the Iranians and the west. British and American officials have accused Iran of supplying deadly weapons to insurgents in Iraq . There are concerns that captured the British sailors could have been ordered by the Iranian -- There's got more of the stamp of some little -- throne saying let's do this. In a similar incident three years ago eight British sailors and Marines were captured by Iran inside the disputed shot -- air. But later released. This time Iran claims the latest British captives are safe. But no one is saying when or how this crisis -- -- Mike Lee ABC  friction between the US and  Iran . Today in New York President Bush labeled the  Iran  in government a brutal security advisor accuse  Iran  quote killing our kids in  Iraq . As all the talk this taking steps to confront the  Iranians  on their own border. Here's McCarthy now. North Korea  Syria  and  Iran  brutal regimes and it is administration increases to  Iran  in rhetoric from Washington is preparing to down the  Iranians  on the ground in  Iraq border behind that wall is  Iran  and about 300 trucks and a US base right on the  Iranian  border sends a message to  Tehran . And it is not a message  much more important note with the continued friction between the US and Iran Today in New York President Bush labeled the Iran in government a brutal regime. But denies its people fundamental rights just yesterday the president's national security advisor accuse Iran quote killing our kids in Iraq As all the talk this week is focused on the confrontation between President Bush and running and president -- it is not at the UN. The US military is taking steps to confront the Iranians on their own border. Here's Terry McCarthy now. North Korea Syria and Iran brutal regimes and it is not an easy relationship. As the administration increases -- -- to Iran in rhetoric from Washington. US military is preparing to -- down the Iranians on the ground in Iraq -- five miles from the Iraqi border over in this direction and this is this like where the US is gonna build their first base right on the border. -- unable and to stop the smuggling of what they -- -- Highly sophisticated roadside bombs as well as explosives being brought across the border from Iran and supplied to Shiite militias here in Iraq And intelligence suggests that there is but it's there's clearly smuggling -- across the border. At the moment the closest US troops are includes some 45 miles away. Takes them an hour and a half to drive up to the border in the end they'll be about 200. Both. Georgian soldiers and US soldiers. Operating out of this base. And then some others. Agencies such as the US Border Patrol the right -- -- right on the border behind that wall is Iran and about 300 trucks and 12100 civilians mostly pilgrims. Heading to the Shiite shrines across here every day at the moment the US only has the ability to search about three -- the trucks as well as the luggage of the pilgrims. Apart from increasing the physical searches. American commanders know that the simple act of putting a US base right on the Iranian border sends a message to Tehran And it is not a message of welcome. Terry McCarthy ABC news are brought here on the Iraq Iran border. And Terry also points out the base just part of a larger struggle between the US and Iran in Iraq . The past ten months American troops have arrested seventeen and Ronnie ends in Iraq for allegedly smuggling weapons. The. The I was one. Probably about nineteen black children who had actually volunteered and been selected to  confrontation. Between  Iran  and the west  Iran  is feeling under pressure military officers in northern  Iraq  and Russia. Has refused to give  Iran  nuclear fuel for a new power plant.  Iran  is feeling increasingly now right off the coast of  Iran  very close. To this pretty also have the US holding  Iranian  military personnel.  Iran  holding British military be looking for a way out  Iranians  delivered a letter to the British ambassador in  Tehran  yesterday. Saying the two  attention has to be taken in the context of increasing confrontation. Between Iran and the west Iran is feeling under pressure has been a bad month -- -- -- The second round of UN sanctions in response to its nuclear program the US -- -- military officers in northern Iraq and Russia. Has refused to give Iran nuclear fuel for a new power plant. Iran is feeling increasingly isolated. The detention could be part of a sense of you push us we'll push you back the trouble is in that context many analysts feel that small issues small confrontations. Could snowball in to larger ones -- of the US military now right off the coast of Iran very close. To -- this pretty these British military personnel were taken captive and you also have the US holding Iranian military personnel. Iran holding British military personnel. A sense for many analysts that this could spiral out of control. Perhaps technology -- the two sides could be looking for a way out Iranians delivered a letter to the British ambassador in Tehran yesterday. Saying the two sides should talk about preventing this from happening in the future but interestingly not demanding a British government apology. From the British side they simply don't have many more options the idea of a military rescue. Has effectively been ruled out because it's believed the detainees are now into Iran where the British military could not get to them. Any settlement likely to take time prime minister Tony Blair saying today but  American hostages. Held in  Iran  here is ABC's Frank Reynolds hostages in the embassy in  Tehran  have been threatened that between the United States and  Iraq . For more on that story here this afternoon to discuss the  Iranian  situation. It was a meeting Saturday night was made to allow  Iran 's foreign minister time to get here from  Tehran . That's when the debate Nations. Just as the people of  Iran  Begin voting in a constitutional from Libya and Bangladesh  Syria  Lebanon  Iraq  and Kuwait  personnel mr. McHenry was asked about security arrangement for foreign diplomats including Iranian foreign minister -- -- Immediately bomb this. And development. I saw to it that -- running and representatives and installations. Here in New York. We're given increased protection. We intend to continue that. We do not wish ourselves to descendant of the law of the jungle. Iranian diplomats already here gave their own news conference at which they gave their version of events in their Iraqi do that's why -- government -- -- -- it has not. Approved that action taken by the students the Ukrainian authorities bit -- -- Bridge and accomplished action in it would be venue hostilities that conflicted to -- the company. The decision to reconvene the Security Council late Saturday night was made to allow Iran's foreign minister -- -- -- time to get here from Tehran . That's when the debate on Iran will Begin. The solution nothing ABC news at the United Nations. It'll make for uninteresting piece of timing Iran's acting foreign minister -- -- Solder will be arriving at the United Nations. Just as the people of Iran Begin voting in a constitutional referendum. A vote that is expected to give the Ayatollah Khomeini the Islamic republic that he wants.  potentially, in both. The bloody civil war in  syria . And a new ultimatim on  iran . Reporter: John kerry has come out blasting russia for shipping arms to the assad government in  syria  and warping he would give more help to the rebels  Playing a larger role, potentially, in both. The bloody civil war in syria . And a new ultimatim on iran . Reporter: John kerry has come out blasting russia for shipping arms to the assad government in syria and warping he would give more help to the rebels fighting assad as well as others. The u.S. Is not giving lethal  friction between the US and  Iran . Today in New President security advisor accuse  Iran  quote killing our kids taking steps to confront the  Iranians  on their own border. Here's North Korea  Syria  and  Iran  brutal regimes deny it administration increases as anti  Iran  in rhetoric from Washington preparing to stare down the  Iranians  on the ground in  Iraq . We're five miles from across the border from  Iran  and supplied to Shiite border behind that wall is  Iran  and about 300 trucks and a US base right on the  Iranian  border sends a message to  Tehran . And it is not a message  With the continued friction between the US and Iran Today in New -- President Bush labeled the Iran in government a brutal regime. But denies its people fundamental rights -- just yesterday the president's national security advisor accuse Iran quote killing our kids in Iraq As all the talk this week is focused on a confrontation between President Bush and running and president -- -- -- at the UN. The US military is taking steps to confront the Iranians on their own border. Here's Terry McCarthy now. North Korea Syria and Iran brutal regimes deny it is not an easy relationship -- as the administration increases as anti Iran in rhetoric from Washington. The US military is preparing to stare down the Iranians on the ground in Iraq We're five miles from the Iraqi border over in this direction and this is this like where the US he's gonna build their first base right on the border. We'll unable and to stop the smuggling of what they claim -- Highly sophisticated roadside bombs as well as explosives being brought across the border from Iran and supplied to Shiite militias here in Iraq And intelligence suggests that there is but this there's clearly smuggling going across the border. At the moment the closest US troops are includes some 45 miles away. -- -- an hour and a half to drive up to the border in the end they'll be about 200. Both. Georgian soldiers and US soldiers. Operating out of this base. And then some others. Agencies such as the US Border Patrol it was. -- -- right on the border behind that wall is Iran and about 300 trucks and 12100 civilians mostly pilgrims. Heading to the Shiite shrines across here every day at the moment the US only has the ability to search about three -- the trucks as well as the luggage of the pilgrims and apart from increasing the physical searches American commanders know that the simple act of putting a US base right on the Iranian border sends a message to Tehran And it is not a message of welcome. Terry McCarthy ABC news -- about here on the Iraq Iran border.  The leadership of  Iran  has repeatedly used violence and equipped extremists in  Iraq . Who have killed American Middle East. From Basra to  Tehran 's continued pursuit of And could induce Turkey  Egypt  Saudi Arabia and others With the possibility that  Tehran  might pass nuclear materials ballistic missile arsenal. An  Iranian  nuclear bomb would pose an community.  Tehran . Said  Iranians  have spent years. Working administrations have tried to talk to  Iran  not harder on tried harder  The leadership of Iran has repeatedly used violence. To undermine Israel in the Middle East peace process it is trained financed and equipped extremists in Iraq . Who have killed American soldiers fighting to bring freedom to that country. It remains. World's chief sponsor of terrorist. And threatens to destabilize the entire Middle East. From Basra to -- Tehran's continued pursuit of nuclear weapons poses and -- -- acceptable risk a danger we cannot allow. It. Involved invited. Nuclear weapons. -- 