		National Transportation Safety Board head details the latest news about Saturday's deadly crash. RELATED TOPICS: National Transportation Safety Board • Federal Aviation Administration • Boeing • Federal Bureau Of Investigation 						This is a special report from ABC news. I'm Dan -- in New York with a CBC news digital special report crash landing. That left two people dead and more than a hundred injured. And the National... See More  						This is a special report from ABC news. I'm Dan -- in New York with a CBC news digital special report crash landing. That left two people dead and more than a hundred injured. And the National Transportation Safety Board is still not sure exactly what caused it what it has said -- is that the pilot. Of AG on a flight to fourteen was flying too low. And too slow in a moment the NTSB will give an update on its investigation. Here's what we know the Boeing 777. Came in with its nose up too high to land properly. And at the last minute attempts to make corrections and abort the landing. Did not work in TSB listen closely to the black box recordings and -- three short messages 74. And one and a half seconds before the crash the pilot. Asking the control tower to change course but it was too late. ABC's brandy hit is in San Francisco now with the latest on the investigation. For the first time we -- hearing from the first responders these -- the men and women who ran to the smoke and flames into a burning planes some without wearing any protective gear to save people trapped inside. New video taken inside the mangled wreckage of -- on a flight to fourteen shows the aftermath of the deadly crash landing. By the time we remove the final victim the conditions alert that the fire was -- down on us we had. Heavy blasts -- Seven seconds before impact the NTSB says one of the crew members called out that the plane needed to increase speed. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- And I just knew we were true all four seconds before the crash a warning sound went off and the controls five rated indicating a -- They call. To initiate -- go around. Occurred at one point five seconds before impact. But it was too late to try another landing the plane -- slammed into the end of the runway and left behind at 2000 foot trail of debris. Two teenage girls from China were killed. It did become obvious to us one of the victims may have been hit by one of the F -- on scene we've also learned one of the pilots was in training to fly the aircraft and headline just 43 hours 12 -- on -- -- a CEO told reporters that pilot also has nearly 101000 hours of flight experience on other aircraft. And was working with the co pilot very experienced with a 777. Aircraft the basic principles. Offline a big jetliner of the -- when you're dealing with a -- a 47 are troublesome and -- 737. And then as the investigation continues the -- South Korean government announced that officials will be inspecting all Boeing triple seven aircraft owned by AG on airlines and also. Korean air. Reporting in San Francisco brandy hit ABC news now back to you. Our -- thank you for the about that one victim that may have been killed by a rescuer as -- hurt in that report the NTSB says that they are not going to comment on it now. What do we know that. And then we've been learning from firefighters local firefighters that have told ABC news that they are in -- looking at this investigation because. They told us quote there are obvious signs that one of the victims one of the sixteen year old girls from China. May have been hit or struck by the emergency responders of all firefighters will say right now. But we do know that corner is going to be performing an autopsy and trying to determine whether that young lady either died in the crash sports and -- after the crash and in fact was hit by the first responders and their right now that's all they're saying. We know and certainly that the investigators are going through that scene with a finds his home looking at every single detail. From it the NTSB said that there at this point is an indication of mechanical failure. We have this news though about the pilot's inexperience. Are signs point to human hair. Please speak to aviation experts as a whole when they look at this crash they tell ABC news that there likely was human error involved in this crash but when you actually look at the pilot's experience. We've been talking about that pilot who -- 43 hours. With a Boeing triple seven era aircraft -- -- he was actually piloting his life. They actually airline itself the CEO says that has nothing to do with this at all because according to the CEO of -- -- airlines. There is a captain there is a person in charge there is a trainer there who has lost a lot of hours on these Boeing triple sevens who's in charge and this person. Who is also co piloting was also training well he's logged 101000 hours you know. I'm piloting 730 sevens as you heard in our piece piloting other aircraft there are very similar so according to the CEO. He doesn't believe that should be -- factor however you have to address the issue that this plane was coming in as. Very low rate of speed according to the NTSB not even close. To -- -- -- -- -- have been coming in for the landing -- obviously something was wrong there and we didn't hear on the black mom -- -- -- -- They said we need to increase -- speed we need to do something. What he's been most amazing. From all of this has been some of the accounts that we have been hearing people -- actually save lives and -- really gets left off first. That press conference is about to get under way with the NTSB let's listen. And our investigation -- -- issue on a flight to fourteenth. Last night the NTSB held our first progress meeting. And in that progress meaning they talked about the work they needed to be done and we designated parties to our investigation. The parties to our investigation. -- the Federal Aviation Administration. Boeing Pratt. And Whitney and we're also supported by that Korean. Aviation and rail accident investigation board they are counter parts from Korea. And they are supported by their technical advisors. -- on airlines. The NTSB employees -- party system. To help us in our investigations. We rely on our parties to provide us information. To assist us. And particularly. To provide technical expertise. So for example with -- manufactured aircraft from Boeing that would be about the design and the function and performance of the aircraft. Pratt and Whitney -- the engines. We have a number of activities that -- undertaking. Gonna talk to you about our ops our operations. And our human performance team. They have document in the cockpit -- switched positions in locations. They also have located the pilot flight bags and that charts that they -- for flight. They found the appropriate charts for the airport -- the approach. In place in the cockpit. They are now reviewing the manuals. And training. They're working to conduct. -- 72. Hour work -- history's. And that 72 hour histories are really looking at the pilots flight duty time their rest opportunities. And the activities that have taken place in the days leading up to the crash. In our investigations were often looking for things that might affect human performance like critique. Like illness -- or medication. Like health issues so. We will be looking at all of those things to see if there any impacts on their ability to perform their jobs. We are working to interview. All foreign pilots. That were on the aircraft. Coming in to San Francisco. There were two pilots and many of you all have talked about -- pilots. It was a captain. Who was working on his initial operating experienced triple seven he wasn't experienced pilot and it and it prior captain. That he was working on getting his rating on the triple seven from getting its initial operating experience in the triple seven. He weighs also flying with the Czech captain. Or training captain. And then there were two other crew members. Another captain and first officer. Who were also flying again remember this -- very long trance this trans Pacific flight. And -- that create four crew members are there for relief. So they the others can get rest. When we interview this four crew members we're gonna get a lot more details about their activities. About their work about their training about. Who was the pilot flying who is the pilot in command. In the cockpit at the time of the accident. We're going to be what -- looking to correlate all of that information with what we are finding. On the cockpit voice recorder and flight data recorder. It was important for us to wait until the arrival of at day at the K -- and also viggiano when we conduct interviews. We utilized the party process we -- group interviews. We've got pilots who also might need translation services during his interviews we want to make sure that this interviews are effective. And at their comprehensive. I know you all have a lot of questions about the pilots and their training. I will tell you that when -- brief tomorrow. I hope to have a lot more information about the pilots just to head off some of those questions that I may not be able to cancer today and -- those interviews are complete. RE TC. -- team has looked back through. Communications. Through voice communications. And as right. Shared with -- yesterday we have no evidence that any distress calls are any problem reports. With respect to. The aircraft prior to the accident. We will be reviewing data for prior flights. Coming in to San Francisco. In -- in the hours in the days prior to the accident. Particularly on the accident -- to seeing if there were any. Issues associated with the recent. Runway construction. -- the glide slope outage. This crew -- in factored in for at seventeen. -- -- -- -- Final visual approach. They were factored in from the northern California tray con which -- located near Sacramento. AG on -- 214. Reported that they had the aircraft airport in sight. They were cleared for -- visual approach. And they transitioned. To tower control. They were cleared to land by the tower it. And in. There was the accident sequence and the subsequent launch of the emergency responders are near port -- -- that we party talked about yesterday. I have seen and heard some reports -- up 4000. Per minute. What. 4000 foot per minute descent rate. They have reviewed the radar data. And a group that reviewed the initial hire FAA radar. Data have indicated. That there's no. Abnormally. Steep descent -- That's been detected in -- data that they half. Our power plants team. Has conducted an on scene examination. Two engines. They indicate. As preliminary evaluations indicate that both at the engines were producing power. At the time of impact. And this is consistent with information that we also -- on the flight data recorder. There was no evidence. Of an -- containment. -- number two in -- Was found. Adjacent to the fuselage. And there's evidence of high rotation -- impact. The number one engine was found liberated from the aircraft. -- State exhibit severe rotational damage. We also took fuels are we took fuel samples from the aircraft for testing. The flight. Data recorder and cockpit voice recorder groups are beginning to convene in the -- -- We will. Create groups who will listen to the flight -- -- recorder. And help transcribed we want to have people on that cockpit voice recorder group are familiar. With the aircraft. And any noises or sounds or alerts that might might come from that aircraft we also want to make sure that we have. Korean speakers on that group is well there's that mix of English. Ann Curry and heard on the cockpit voice recorder. That seems will begin their work looking at that two -- cockpit voice recorder and transcribing. This sections that they believe are most relevant to our accident investigation. The flight data recorder group will be validating. -- parameters on the recorder. As I mentioned yesterday this is a recorder and -- has. Data on it and there are 1414100. Different parameters that are measured by the recorder. We want to make sure that we understand. Those parameters what they represent. And make sure that the information. -- on the -- at the data on air. Is is accurate and then it's good. There is another recorder on board the aircraft quick -- quick gas access recorder. -- -- QA RMA record different parameters. And so we'll also be taking a look at that -- well. We have a vehicle performance group. And their work is really -- focus on the performance. The aircraft. Had aircraft moved tower operated -- -- responded. If it performed in a way. That was predictable. And consistent with. The manufacturers guidance and expectations. They have been examining. The air for the accident scene as well as the aircraft. There -- ground scars witness marks. And a significant amount of evidence. Out on airport property. There also evaluating and reviewing videos that have been made available to us. By the airport and by others. The performance group will use physical evidence. Recorded to date and an -- dynamic models. To confirm that the control inputs and that power that were used. Do result in speed. And descent rates that we observed. This is used to confirm that there are no hidden issues or problems with the aircraft. Our structures. In our recovery team. Is proceeding with their work they are actually people who are responsible for the accident site. And that and the accident aircraft. With the assistance of the Federal Bureau of Investigation her FBI and -- -- doing a total station documentation. Of the accident scene. This is eight -- PS face. Precision. Documentation of the accident scene. Where parts. That were shed from the aircraft might have been where things ended up. What the aircraft looks like and how was damaged we will receive all of that information once these scans are complete. We will also start the recovery process as well. We'll be separating the materials that are of particular interest to our accident investigators. From the parts that are not. The parts that we are focused on the sections of the aircraft that we want to retain for further examination. We'll be transported. In the future to -- secure location. But we still got out quite a bit of work -- seem to do before that takes place. They're going to be identifying the ways that certain aircraft parts came off. The waited to gear separated from the aircraft Philly ending here. And documenting the rest of the airplane or how how it broke up or how it maintained its structural integrity. All of this information can help all of us in the aviation community -- lessons learned back in to aircraft designed. Our team is walks the full wreckage path in addition to all the documentation I've talked about they've started at the sea walls and made me. To the accident site and get -- describe a little bit to you about what they have seen what they've observes. The lower portion. Of the tail cone. Is in the rocks at the C law. And there was a significant piece of the -- of this aircraft that was in in the water. Our investigators have also documented additional aircraft parts that are visible. When low tide occurred. Walking forward from the seawall at the very beginning of the pavement. Along the wreckage past you -- -- horizontal stabilizers. The vertical stabilizer. And the upper portion of the -- come. Next issue proceed down -- runway to eight left. UC portions of the main landing gear. The aft fuselage. There is also the debris from the -- -- Located several hundred feet. Up the runway. We have many witness marks -- ground scars. From the gear from the landing gear. From the sliding engines. And from contact with diffuse allies once they gear broke away and if you -- was contacting the ground. These grounds scars and witness marks. -- -- -- With some of the twisting motion that many of you have probably observed. In the videos that have been posted. Publicly -- on you to. The main portion of the wreckage is off to the left. Side of the -- -- And it's pointed towards the right. The right engine is tucked in adjacent to the wing root of the aircraft. And the left engine is on the opposite side. Away from the aircraft its lid away from the aircraft in its forward of the aircraft. Well -- -- portion is missing. From the aircraft you can see. The breached. Aft pressure bulkhead in the back of the airplane. And we have -- talked about some of the internal and external observations of the aircraft you all have had a lot of shots of the external portion of the aircraft we have also provided some photographs from internal portion of the aircraft. You see there's significant damage inside and the damage is different depending on what part of the aircraft you're looking man. Our survival factors team it's gonna be documenting over 300. Seats on the aircraft's. We want to identify their condition. And their performance. How they were damaged. And we also want to understand where the occupants were sitting. How they were injured what the injury mechanism -- and if they were using restraints. -- -- to be documenting the operation of the doors. And the slides. And the condition of the interior compartment. And the interior compartment is pretty much everything house from the overhead luggage racks to the side -- This same group also works. On emergency response issues. And they're examining video and data associated with the emergency response activities. And the emergency vehicle activities. I've received many questions. About the emergency response activities. And that two fatalities. There have been a lot of questions about one of the fatalities. With respect to -- emergency response vehicle. We are still looking at this issue it is that very serious issue and we want to understand it. The coroner has not yet determined the cause of death. And so we want to make sure that we have all the facts before we reach any conclusions. We are reviewing video. Airport surveillance video. To understand also what happen. I'll -- -- at least the initial read of the video. By our investigators. -- -- with mean it it wasn't conclusive so we really need to work. And talk with people conduct additional interviews and let the coroner. Do their work. I want to talk a little bit more about some information that's on the flight data recorder. And also some additional questions. That have come up over the last couple days. I not just over some some of those briefly. We want to make sure that you all understand -- when we convey information to you that we do it clearly. Some of the news reports that I've read. Have some characterizations. About that go around call. And I want to make sure the -- or talking about the cockpit voice recorder that you understand. That that cockpit voice recorder. Captures conversations. Inside the cockpit. Those conversations. Are generally between the two -- list but they can also be radio communications with other people. Other organizations air traffic control other flights. State can capture conversations also with their operations -- maintenance center. The -- that call -- and the information that I shared with you yesterday. Seven seconds prior to impact they recognize that their speed -- slow. Four seconds -- impacting get a stick shaker activation. And one and a half seconds prior to impact. Here was a call for a go around. And again the go around means that they want to abort the landing and it's they wanted to go around in the air and try to make the -- -- again. All of those things I -- you were things that we heard on the cockpit voice recorder that's where conversations on the flight deck. It was not a call. To air traffic control asking for permission. To go around. It was a conversation that occurred inside of the cockpit. Where the crew called for -- -- around where they gave a command to do -- around and so I just want to make sure that everybody understands that. Cockpit voice recorder. Information. Is protected. -- statutory protections for that we cannot release. The audio of the cockpit voice recorder. But I mention that we're convening a recorder group in our lab in Washington DC. What they will be working to do is produce a transcript. A written transcript of the cockpit voice recorder. Communications. We do provide. The transcript of cockpit voice recorder. Communications. And our public docket and we use that for the work that we do in preparing -- final report. Air traffic control tapes. An air traffic control communications are different. Those occur over the Airways. People can listen to those they can listen -- to those and very often -- air traffic control tapes. Are released. They are released by the Federal Aviation Administration. That handles air traffic control operations the NTSB does not release the air traffic control tapes. The FAA may do that at some point in the investigation. And there over the public airwaves -- conversations -- -- recorded. The cockpit voice -- communications -- inside the cockpit. And those tapes are not released again there's a lot their statutory protection. It keeps those audiotapes from being released that's why he won't -- those tapes. Just moving on to clear that. When we're looking at some of the issues with respect to the crew. We're looking at what they were doing. And we want to understand why they were doing it we want to understand what they knew and what they understood. Particularly we're going to be focusing on tonight's I talked about this -- interviews that were conducting want to make sure we understand what was happening. But we also want to talk to them about. Whether they were hand flying the airplane. Whether this auto pilot was on what kind of reliance they might have had on automation within the cockpit. And how well they understood the automation and what it was supposed to do. That being said let me give you a few more data points that have come off the flight data recorder. And remember these are very. Earley reads off the flight data recorder we have a group that were convening we want to make sure that all of these. Different parameters are correct. But if you're a few more points for -- at about. 16100 feet the auto pilot was disengaged. And this was about 82 seconds prior to impact. -- about 14100 feet. There airspeed was approximately 170. Knots. This -- -- At about a thousand feet. The -- speed was approximately 100. And 49 knots and this was about 54. Seconds prior to impact. At about 500. Feet the -- -- was approximately 134. Knots. And this was 34 seconds prior to impact. At about 200 feet. The -- speed is approximately 118. Knots. And this was about sixteen seconds prior to impact -- And about 125. Feet. To throttles started moving forward. -- airspeed was approximately 112. Knots. This -- eight seconds prior to impact. About three seconds prior to impact. The flight data recorder. Recorded its lowest speed of 103. Knots. At this time the engines were at about 50%. Power. An engine power was increasing. -- impact. Air speed was approximately 106. Knots. I share this with information with you. Remember it is from that flight data recorder. It is recording data parameters. We want to validate all those parameters. We want to synchronize all the parameters that we've got. With other information. Air traffic control radar data and cockpit voice recorder. And that would help us have a better picture of what happened what I'm sharing with you some information to help you get some context. We talked to yesterday how this aircraft. Significantly slower. Then there be rapper target approach speed of 137. Knots. 137. Knots is that Steve that they want to have when they cross. The threshold of the runway. There is another component to the work that we do. The NTSB. It's required by the aviation disaster family assistance act of 1996. And the foreign air carrier family support act of 1997. To provide. And coordinate to but really to coordinate the assistance for family members. Victims and also for survivors and their families post crash. It requires this act requires domestic and foreign air carrier's. First scheduled passenger service. To have plans in place. To meet the needs -- aviation accident victims and their family members. It requires the NTSB. Helped coordinate the it with the air carrier. And local and state authorities. And -- authorities would be individuals like the coroner's office to insure that that means for services and information. Regarding the accident. Is being provided to victims and their families. -- accident victims families cancer survivors of the accident. Our team. Is working with the American Red Cross with the State Department we have several nationalities involved in this crash. And so we're -- providing some translation services. We want to make sure that they have a place ago a sixth place to go. To recover. To grief. And to have support from -- people who care about them. The air carrier. In this Casey -- -- -- has responsibilities. To provide notification. Since. -- family members about involvement -- an event. They are responsible for arranging travel. And lodging for those families and survivors. And are recovering. And managing or retaining personal effects. From the aircraft. There -- a 120. Passengers and family members that are making use of the family assistance center. That has been set up. There -- seven DAG on -- and united airline. And the United Airlines -- -- her partner with -- -- employees were providing support to those family members. And there are seven federal state and local agencies including the NTSB. You're providing for the family members' -- they're making efforts to provide for their security transportation. Food and -- They also want to help. With that facilitating the reunification. Of individuals who are involved in the crash with their family members who might be coming to be with them. There -- a number of people are still hospitalized. And so their efforts to make sure that there families are being supported us well. That that's the end of the official portion of -- -- briefing we have been receiving great sport I talked about FA FBI's. Involvement with the total cessation activities we've also provided us aerial photos. We have really had great support from our partners at the federal and state level. In the local level and from the airport as well I did want to energies you all to a very important person associated. With this accident investigation and is that it's our investigator in charge. Mr. bill English is responsible for the conduct of the investigation. And his let his name is bill last name English. -- just like it sounds and he is leading a team of -- NTSB investigators. And many more who are involved in our party process and so bill -- just wanted to thank you for all the hard work union team and doing. I'd be happy to take your questions. -- time. And if you all could identify. -- -- -- -- -- NBC news I. Two additional seasons -- -- record and second was routinely -- warning. Role playing prior to stick shift closer -- -- home warning that this plane was decelerating. -- minutes to three minutes before him. Shares Derek two questions here in the first one had to do with how many of the crew members were in the cockpit at the time of the accident. And we will have to get back to you on that information as I mentioned we want to make sure that information that we -- corroborated. Through this interviews with all four of the pilots today and so we will provide that information back to you -- -- -- are completed. The second question has to do you. With whether or not the crew received any warnings. Or alerts prior to -- stick shaker. -- cracked. And the information that we have -- I have not been briefed on any prior alerts that the crew receives. That were audible -- -- CBR. That doesn't mean they're might not there there weren't other alerts but I have not been briefed on it we are convening that CB our group it will be going over -- -- Everything that they hear on -- cockpit voice recorder. But I will tell you that very often people. Discuss or talk about alerts that might come from the ground proximity. Warning system -- -- -- -- That alerts them to the proximity of train. You have to remember that this aircraft. Was configured differently and names they're buying some of those. Those tools. Those warnings it does -- -- purposefully disabled they're coming down they're getting very close. To -- here and so if it's if it's ground proximity warnings that people are looking for. You're not gonna get those -- the aircraft is configured for landing. We don't have any awareness of any. And saw alerts the -- at altitude warning alerts from air traffic control. No other alerts from air traffic control that would have indicated that they needs to alert the flight crew of a problem. There may be some other. Indications that the crew could -- perhaps an amber band. We're talking abouts speak -- now to let them know. -- speed what they're looking for. What they want to achieve. They may have many been getting some cues but I do not have any information about any audible. Cues or warnings that showed up on the cockpit voice recorder prior to the stick shaker. -- -- The question has to do with the pilot's experience on prior aircraft types such as the 747. And transitioning to the triple seven and what that training might entail. As I mentioned early in a briefing. I'm really going to try to focus on the crew. And their training they're experienced in their history. After we conduct the foreigner views today. We do not want to bias those interviews that are contemporaneously. Taking place right now we want the crew to provide information we don't want to influence the responses. When we get those interviews completed from the crew. We will then provide you additional information from the records and from -- -- -- In the back. -- We've got another question about training and I and with respect to check pilots are training pilots. And the questions are what are those standards -- requirements -- they vary from airline to -- -- country to country. That's another area that we will check in two. And report back to you we know that there are a lot of questions about. The pilots their experience and their background their training. We're gonna work to complete. A real a really very full battery. Information to provide to you and we hope to do that if these interviews are completed today. In the next day or so but. Again we will be back we will provide you more factual information. I know everybody wants. All of the information. Right away. You have to recognize our teams have a lot of work ahead of them and where we're trying to gather first. The perishable evidence things that might expire we want to conduct these interviews. And but we will be back we will provide you with additional information. -- -- Yeah those are slower they were coming here and there was saying how. -- this plane was coming in here with the. The question is we talked about the aircraft's speed on approach. Can we provide any more information about their vertical position on the approach are -- height. Coming in and how where they were on -- like -- That -- sort of information we'll probably take a little bit additional work we want to make sure that when we provide you information. So we have confidence and it. That is important information for us to understand and take a look at we do have some information from the flight data recorder but we really want to take a look at that information and compare with what air traffic control -- To make sure that we're on the mark. -- -- The question has to do with our two victims from this crash. And win the autopsy report will come out. I will -- to the San Mateo corners office. They are responsible for conducting. Those autopsy is determining cause of death that is -- area of expertise and we will allow them to make any announcements. In the back. The question is if the pilot is coming in on the approach to slow. Is there a responsibility. By ground control to notify the pilot of that. And the answer is no. The -- -- is responsible for mate Dick crew and again remember their two pilots in the cockpit. The crew is responsible for making us safe approach to the airport. Air traffic control is there to provide separation. Between aircraft to make sure aircraft don't collide provide them services. On the airport. But they are not responsible for management. For speed management on the aircraft that is in the purview of the pilots. This -- -- quite -- -- but there are two questions that first question is has language and it barrier. In. This is in this accident -- this accident investigation. The pilots are speak Korean. English is the universal language. An aviation everyone's expected to be -- -- be proficient enough in English to cut communicate with air traffic control. In any country in the world and so. We are certainly going to be looking to see if there was any miscommunication. Misinformation that was provided but we don't have any. Information at that at this point that that was an issue. It has not provided that. Barrier to our investigative activities as I mentioned we have. Excellent cooperation from our colleagues around the world and I have to tell you. There are a lot of airplanes that crashed in other countries that the NTSB goes to investigate with our counterparts. We have investigated. Events. Involving US manufactured aircraft landing short. In the last year in a number of other countries. We work with our counterparts in those countries. They are working with us investigating this accident here. Language is an issue in that we want to make sure that the crew. It has good understanding of the questions are being asked -- in their response is that we're clear on their responses and that we're representing things accurately. We don't want people to be confused. By that we don't want them to be surprised we're gonna take as much time as we need to get the inner -- -- right in and await its crew members. Are able to communicate comfortably it. The second question had to do you whispered. With where the two fatalities were what -- -- in on me in -- aircraft as far as seeding location. I can't tell you that that two fatalities. Were located. In seats towards their rear of the aircraft. And it and again this is an area of the aircraft that was structurally. Significantly damaged you can -- you got from the external. Shots of the aircraft. And it's an area where we're seeing a lot of the critical or serious. Injuries that occurred as well. -- -- OK how about we just limit it to you one question. Okay. The question was whether or not the pilot had a heart attack. I have no information this is that this is the first time I'm hearing that the pilot had -- -- I'm not aware of any medical services that were provided. To the pilot on -- talking about prior to the crash. Post crash. I have. I have no I have not received any indication that the pilot had a heart attack heard -- crash that was a question I receive. But we do not have any information nor -- I have any medical documentation from the emergency responders that he was treated for a heart attack I'm gonna take one mark question. And Michael do your first question -- -- for the second. The first question has to do with the debt relief pilots and -- every -- as we -- -- exit there were four pilots on the aircraft there -- two separate. Crews and our pairs. In the cockpit there -- two pilots. That flying -- seat right seat traditionally captain and first officer. And generally. You would see on this long trans Pacific flight the reason why they have to cruise -- because they want to make sure that they can get rest. -- flight and duty time limitations and then there's also. Considering what's safe for for pilots and -- it -- situation. They do you have wrist quarters. Up near the front of the plane so the two that are flying the other two can get rest. The question was were the relief pilots used. We don't have any reason. Two to believe that they were not used that is the expectation. Why you have to cruise they will switch out but as I said we are conducting those interviews today with the four crew members. We will determine exactly what happened. When it happened and how it happened if that was consistent with their processes or procedures are there is any deviations. The second. Question that -- can. Was about the evacuation slides hunt and mentioned that we're taking it very close look at -- -- survival factors issues and that includes is that an emergency doors and exits. -- and that's why it's how they were deployed if they were deployed correctly. If their rate of any malfunctions we want to understand all of that. When I visited the aircraft I saw all of the doors. That were open. Saw some of the slides that were still -- -- the first night that I went out there. I did -- slides on the left hand side of the airplane that we're still inflated actually still had their lights. Activated for -- over water. Sent. Our team is gonna be documenting. How -- -- were deployed we have heard. That there were some problems inside the aircraft there have been some interviews with. Flight attendants and witnesses that slides deployed. Inside of the aircraft. We need to understand why that happens. We need to understand if it occurred inadvertently. Or somebody. Didn't activate -- -- correctly if that occurred on its own we need to document all of that. That's information that we hope to get back to you. I think all of you for trying to get the story Wright getting the -- street we will be back with another briefing tomorrow thank you. And watching in the national transportation safety we're wrapping up -- news conference on the investigation for the crash -- -- on a flight to fourteen that it crashed on impact in San Francisco. On Saturday. Some of the information that we just learned from that briefing of the two victims that were killed there had been earlier reports that possibly one of the victims may have been struck by a first responder. Going to the scene. The NTSB says that they are still looking into that that the corner has not -- Eight determined cause of death. One of the other points that that was made is that of the four member of the four crew members that were inside the cockpit at the time they are being questioned right now they are being. I interviewed at this point two crews essentially operate inside on this. Long flight. And as the NTSB was pointing out that the captain that was -- into the control is something that they are trying to determine exactly as they're going to be interviewing. These two pilots that were in the cockpit at the time. The other thing at the NTSB pointed out was that at this point they do not believe that any distress calls were made prior to the accident. And they did go through somewhat of a timeline in some of the details. That they have recovered from one of the data recorders that was gathered from inside the plane and specifically saying. That the plane was coming in slower then the -- speed on making an approach to San Francisco the NTSB is saying the ideal speed for a plane that size to approach. Is a 137. -- which roughly translates to about a 157. Miles per hour. The speed that was recorded. By the flight data recorder was 106. Knots or about a 118 miles per hour that's a difference. Of about 36. Miles per hour. We also heard that. The NTSB had been listening to some reports some news reports that there had been an abnormal steep descent initially. That is not something that they are able to confirm based on the information they're getting from their flight data recorder. But again they're also analyzing the so called black boxes right now to listen to that transmission both inside the cockpit and the transmission that was made from the cockpit. To the control tower and of significance. Earlier reports had said that in fact that there had been a request for a go around from one of the pilots inside the plane to the control tower. ENTSB -- saying that that in fact was not the case that that was a conversation that took place inside the cockpit and that it was not transmitted. To the control tower about one and a half seconds. Before that moment of impact on Saturday. We have a complete report of the NTSB's news conference on abcnews.com. For now. I'm Dan Cutler -- New York with this ABC news digital special report. This has been a special report from me.  					    This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. ABC News LiveBreaking news video as it happens, continuous live streaming video and special events at our live news hub.Go Now » 								In an ABC News exclusive, "GMA's" Robin Roberts talks with the woman known as Juror B29. 								The only minority on the jury takes you inside the secret deliberations. 								Robin Roberts interviews Juror B29, the only minority on the George Zimmerman jury. 								Four of six Florida jurors attempt to distance themselves from first juror to go public. 								President speaks candidly on his own experiences, racial profiling and moving forward. 								More than 285 people have contracted illness from cyclospora, a parasite from the tropics. 								More than 250 people have been sickened by the bug and at least 10 sent to the hospital. 								Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is charged with the murder of Odin Lloyd. 								George Zimmerman's parents talk to Barbara Walters in their first interview after the verdict. 								Homicide detectives search home of Dr. Autumn Klein following sudden death. 								The singer goes without clothes in photo spread; new album ARTPOP drops in November. 								Prince William and Kate will spend three weeks away with their newborn named George Alexander Louis. 								Patriots tight end charged in connection with the death of semi-pro football player, Odin Lloyd. 								Juror B29 tells Robin Roberts that jurors could not prove Zimmerman intentionally killed Martin. 								"Nightline" goes inside the only professional jockey school in the United States. 					External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.  Copyright © 2013 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network