		President Obama urges strong relationship in order to promote strong economic bond. Transcript for Obama Stresses Importance of Breaking Down Stereotypes Between Mexico, US 						This is a special report from ABC news. And hello everyone I'm -- Cutler in New York -- this ABC news digital special report -- -- Obama is beginning his second day in Mexico this morning. Today he'll... See More  						This is a special report from ABC news. And hello everyone I'm -- Cutler in New York -- this ABC news digital special report -- -- Obama is beginning his second day in Mexico this morning. Today he'll be speaking to students in Mexico City yesterday the president chatted with Mexico's new president Enrique -- -- And while the audience has changed the topic has stayed the same economic relations -- Latin America. Right now. -- wanna bring an ABC's Mary Bruce who is in Mexico City traveling with the president and political editor of fusion Jordan Fabian he's at our ABC news bureau in Washington DC. Good morning to -- the view -- start with you. We understand that -- obviously the economy is supposed with a focus of these discussions but most of the talks so far has been on. Border security and immigration reform. That's right good morning Dan the president is on his way right now to give a speech to the Mexican Mexican -- Mexican students here in Mexico City. And this is the second day of his three day trip in Latin America and as you mentioned the economy and and economic relations -- the top of his agenda. However the issue of immigration reform and border security have been very hard to ignore. The president mentioned immigration last night giving a press conference alongside president Pena nieto was asked a question about it and quick kind of directed the conversation back to trade in the economy. He of course talked about immigration reform and the bill that that's currently. Being negotiated in congress and offered his support for that but said you know immigration reform is very important for trade once again trying to sort of steer that conversation back to his own agenda. This of course it is -- is it difficult issue for him because everything that the president says here he has to tread carefully what -- of course impact. That delicate negotiations back on Capitol Hill. Amarillo Hanson fans and -- very true we're looking at some pictures there that were taken yesterday of course after waiting for the president to make his way to the podium at the museum of anthropology. In Mexico City Jordan want to bring you into this because there has been some comparisons between how the new president -- NATO. How I handled things a little bit differently with US that his predecessor Calderon -- explain some of the differences. Well -- remember that Enrique Pena nieto was only nrgreen -- office in December -- try to tread carefully on some domestic issues that relate to US namely immigration. If you remember his answer in the press conference yesterday he said this is a domestic issue I'm not really gonna comment on the specifics here just paraphrasing there. But he's cognizant of the fact that anything he says could get impact public opinion here in the US. Remember flee to -- -- his predecessor came into congress in 2010 and harshly criticized. The Arizona immigration law which crack down undocumented immigrants there and that sort of -- the sentiments of some Republicans in congress so. In -- opinion -- -- I think is well aware of the the -- of his word so he's treading very carefully so far on his visit. I wanna get the thoughts from both of you in Jordan we'll stay with you for a moment because what has -- the president's reaction. To present -- dialing back essentially on the policies that allow the US more influence in fighting the drug war. Well I think it's almost been a quid pro quo so to -- and yet there hasn't really decided to comment on the immigration debate and I think throughout President Obama has taken a wait and see approach and it -- -- really. Coming down one way or the other on some -- the tactics that the Mexican government is now taking to fight these violent drug cartels just -- -- context they. It is a restricted access to some US officials who working in Mexico to help fight drug cartels. By the you know president Obama's basically saying hey you know Mexico can fight this drug war the way they want to you and -- -- -- -- of that and has the White House been surprised by some of the reactions from. President NATO's moves. I think again the president was very careful how he worded this yesterday during this press conference he said he looks forward to cooperating with. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- But really kind of sidestepping an NE two. We did hear him say that it's important not to get bogged down in some of these issues that was exactly which is that not to get bogged down kind of an interesting turn of phrase for him. But I think again he's trying to keep a certain amount of distance from that while also offering of support for -- -- -- had been. -- -- talk -- little bit about the latest economic numbers is saying here we've got -- -- numbers out this morning a 165000. Jobs at a for the month of April the unemployment rate dropped down to seven and a half percent that's the lowest level. In four years what does the White House said about that. That's right the president -- good news this morning has as yet hats off to give this speech and the White House said you know that these numbers are further evidence the economy continuing to improve. But they also stress that more work needs to be done to sort of -- out of this -- from the recession. Interestingly though -- as they often do you. He said at the White House said that it's important. To sort of avoiding self inflicted wounds that we often it. Put on ourselves -- that hurt the economy -- -- -- perhaps a reference to some of those automatic across the board spending cuts this sequestration cuts. That are now taking an effect but but overall they see it is at this at the good tranda sign of improvement and certainly. A welcome news for the president this morning. Welcome news and the reaction as well from the White House and in fact this is what the quote was saying it now is not a time for Washington to impose self inflicted wounds. On the economy Jordan is that going to be strength as the president is gonna go into these -- -- these discussions furthering. The economic relations back and forth with Mexico. Yeah I think so he -- point stronger economic numbers and and he's he's really. I think try to focus on the trade relationship it's obviously very big right now but -- the -- -- he's making is that you know trade with Mexico and and also with Canada. Can improve you know the employment situation on on both sides of the border also you spoke about the trans Pacific partnership this. Huge -- trade free trade negotiation that's happening with. Some of the Pacific rim countries Australia New Zealand. And the US Canada and Mexico so I think he has an ambitious agenda you know this trip he's not making any major announcements -- I think he's laying the ground -- may be for something. Bigger and over the next year. Jordan if you can't talk a little bit about how this trip is gonna make an impact on US policy here on immigration reform. As far as the movements in the dialogue we've been -- back and forth. From the past day and now from the announcement speech is that a the president will be making a short time -- through watching here the podium at the national museum of anthropology in Mexico City. How is that going to potentially influence lawmakers as they're moving forward on immigration reform. Well I think one of the major positive is that could potentially come out of this trip. Is just point this summer -- -- positive things that are happening in Mexico there's a growing middle class. And sort of countering some of the perceptions. That ten to prevail in the United States and Mexico. You know about it's it's a place with a lot of violent crime and poverty. Unique and say. Well listen the -- there there's less of a threat on the border he can point to some of that the work that they've done in Merida initiative -- Help strengthen the border so it's sort of I guess correcting some of the perceptions that some lawmakers here in the US and say -- exactly be this future wave of illegal immigrants coming across the border is as a result of this law in fact it's gonna strengthen the economy and the immigrate. Situation on both sides of the border Mary I want to paying back to you in Mexico City because I'd like to know when you're speaking with people it. What they see as the strongest point the president right now as we are moving -- with immigration reform in Washington DC. -- they see that is a major issue that's going to be strengthening Mexico. I think exactly as Jordan mentioned you know this is this is in many ways about the economy and it's interesting trend we've been -- -- talking to a lot of people is that you know. Mexicans here a lot of immigrants -- -- also impacted by the the flailing US economy as well we've. We're out talking with a lot of people yesterday who spent -- -- in the US in the senate actually come back. To Mexico because of the better Ott economic opportunity here in some instances it's sort of an interesting growing trend but. Normalizing those immigration. Regulations allowing for trades -- -- current. -- after immigration reform I think is definitely and an important issue here I think it would allow certainly get the economy -- -- -- on both sides of the border and that's something that everyone is keenly aware of that. And just to kind of put a reflection as we're talking about the economy right there over is getting word that the Dow just cross the 151000 mark for the first time ever just dipped back below that -- certainly obvious in the markets. Having him. Pretty good day today after the S&P also had a record high reaching over 16100 we can see the Dow is up. And the S&P as well again over the 16100 mark there again both big markets that -- was keeping and I and certainly an indication of how the US economy. And always has an effect on the rest of the world and certainly with Mexico being the second largest trading partner. -- obviously what happens in the US certainly has an influence it happens in Mexico and vice Versa. Jordan I wanted to go to you just just for -- and -- we spoke a little bit of a -- to the two different administrations. In Mexico. Some of the differences that they had. Tell me a little bit about. About president Yates -- -- philosophy as far as the economic relations now with US -- with the rest of the world. Well I think he's kind of. Wanted to. Expand Mexico's involvement. -- in some of the world markets and expand some of the free trade agreements but one of the most notable thinks he's doing his city's opening up. Mexico's energy sector to foreign investment that's something that hasn't happened before. And that could really spur a lot of economic activity within Mexico before this Mexico's all the oil reserves all the oil companies. Have been stay you know and so that's it that's a huge shift. For Mexico and -- really could affect the world economy OK let's now go to the museum of anthropology in Mexico City -- the president is about. The -- of the podium where he will be speaking before. A group of students let's listen in. -- It is wonderful to be back to Mexico. -- But the great days and friendship with the pit -- the United States. Including tens of millions of proud. Mexican Americans. -- -- To Mexico has -- My second. Visit to this -- may have. At age that I come -- and inspire. By agriculture and by the beauty of this land. -- most of -- by the Mexican people. -- you've been so kind and gracious. To mean. You welcome my wife. Michelle here to. That. You're welcome our daughter -- And and her classmates to Oaxaca. And. -- the proud father I have to say that. Homily in Spanish is getting very good. It helps that she's she's smarter than. And I am. That's an honor to be -- -- exclusive one of the world's great cities. Let -- but -- not a but it's -- At this great museum which celebrates Mexico's ancient civilizations. And their achievements in arts and architecture. Medicine in mathematics. In modern times. Mexico's blend of cultures and traditions found its expression. In the murals -- better in the pit exit -- In the -- So. Lot death is a (%expletive) up your thoughts. -- once spoke words that captured the spirit of our gathering here today. In this place but celebrate surpass. But -- this morning is filled with so many young people who will -- Mexico's future. About -- What. Is not outside -- it is within us. It is today and the most ancient and -- -- It is tomorrow and the beginning of the world. Two years old. And yet newborn. And that's why I -- this opportunity to speak with all of you. Because you live at the intersection of history and little -- bothers I was referring to. Young people of Mexico you honor your -- Thousands of years old but you're also part of something no. Explanation. That in the process of remaking itself. And as our modern world changes around dusk is the spirit of -- Your optimism -- your idealism and your willingness to discard. Old habits that are no longer working there will drive the whirlpool. The difference between the world -- -- is and the world could be. Between old attitudes that stifle progress and the new thinking but allow this to connect and collaborate across cultures. And by the way that includes how we think about the relationship. Between Mexico in the United States. Despite all the bonds and the values that we share despite all the people. Who claim heritage on both sides. Our attitudes. Sometimes -- trapped and old stereotypes. Some Americans only see the Mexico a bit. Is depicted in sensational headlines of violence and border crossings. And then let's admitted some Mexicans think that America this respects Mexico. Or thinks of America's -- impose itself on Mexican sovereignty. Horror just -- to the wall ourselves off. In a -- countries such distortions. Create misunderstandings. That make it harder -- Move forward the government sought come to Mexico because I think it's time for us to put the -- -- that the site. Is -- recognize the realities. Including the impressive progress but today's Mexico. Other Mexicans. All across this country who are making courageous sacrifices for the security of your -- -- in the countryside the neighborhoods not far from here. There are those were still struggling to get their children a better life but what's also clear is that a New Mexico. Is -- -- I -- The deepening of Mexico's democracy. Citizens were standing up and saying the violence. And impunity is not acceptable. A courageous process that's working the -- leaders accountable. A robust civil society. Including brave defenders of human rights -- -- dignity and rule of law. You have political parties that are competing vigorously but also transferring power peacefully. And forging compromise. And that's all a sign of the extraordinary progress -- -- -- in Mexico. But even though we know that the work of perfecting democracy is never finish. That's true and America that's true here in Mexico -- go forward knowing the truth that Benito Juarez -- -- Democracy is the destiny of humanity and we are seeing that neared Mexico. We've seen that here that's. We're also seeing -- Mexico that's pretty -- fair trading with the world becoming a the manufacturing powerhouse from. -- -- -- -- -- -- -- -- and across central highlands. A global leader and automobiles. And appliances. And electronics. But also a sinner of high tech innovation. Producing the software the hardware -- digital age. Did it the Kenneth -- spoke for an increasing number Mexico. There's no reason to go abroad in search of a better life. There are good opportunities here. That's what he said and you're an example of that. And and that in fact I see here Mexico that's lifted millions of people from poverty. Because the sacrifices of generations of -- majority of Mexicans now call themselves middle class. -- called -- like your parents and grandparents could only dream. This includes -- opportunities. For women were proving that when you give women a chance it will mark. And I also -- Mexico's youth but empower. Generation become technology. -- -- -- -- -- -- Right now. What's happening. And whether it's it's harnessing social media to preserve indigenous languages. We're speaking up for the future that you want -- making it clear that you want your voice -- And and because all the dynamic. Progress that's taking place -- in Mexico Mexico's also taking its rightful place in the world on the world stage. Mexico is standing up for democracy not just here in Mexico but. Throughout the -- Let's -- sharing expertise -- neighbors across the Americas. When they -- earthquakes are threats to their citizens or go to the polls to cast their votes. Mexico that are helping -- -- -- -- joined the ranks of the world's largest economists. It became the first Latin American nation to host the -- -- And just as Mexico is being transformed. Sort of ties between -- two conference. You know -- and I've been guided by basic proposition. In this relationship there's -- senior partner or junior partner we are two equal partners to sovereign nations we must work together. And mutual interest and mutual respect and if we do that. Both Mexico and the United States will -- And just about worked with brother -- little. I've reaffirmed -- present president. The great partnership between our two countries will not simply continuing its -- -- stronger. And become broader. In my time what President Clinton and yet but I've come to see his deep commitment to Mexico in its future and we share the belief. Those leaders. Archiving mission is to improve the lives of our people and so we agree that the relationship between our nations must be defined. Not by the threats that we face but by the prosperity. In the opportunity that we can create together. -- People partners. Both our nations must recognize our mutual response -- So here in Mexico you've embarked on an ambitious reform agenda. To make your economy more competitive than -- institutions more accountable to you the Mexican people. As you've received for some of these reforms. I want you know that you have strong support in the United States. Because. We believe Bible. Bad. People all around the world deserve the best from their government. Whether you're looking for basic services are trying to -- new business. We share your belief that you should be able to make it through your day without paying a bribe. And -- talent that Mexicans like you imagine her future should have every opportunity to succeed right here. -- -- -- -- -- -- And in the United States we recognize our response -- we understand that. Much root cause of violence that's been happening here Mexico. For which so many Mexicans have suffered as the demand for illegal drugs in the United States. And so we've got to continue to make progress on that brought. I've been asked and I honestly do not believe that legalizing drugs -- answer but I do believe. -- a comprehensive approach. Law enforcement but education and prevention and treatment that's what we have to do we're gonna have to stay at a -- of the lives of our children's future relations depend -- We also record. The most of the guns used to commit violence in Mexico. Come from the United States. But admitted you know that in America our constitution guarantees our individual right to bear arms. As president I swore an oath to uphold that right and I always will. But of the same time. That's in the United States I will continue to do everything in my power. To pass common sense reforms that keep guns out of the hands of criminals and dangerous people -- could save lives. The United States. Look at the increasing the pressure on gun traffickers who bring illegal guns in the Mexico. We'll keep putting these criminals where they belong behind bars. So we recognize we've got work to do on security issues but we also recognize. Our responsibility. As a nation. -- believes that all people are created it. We believe. It's our responsibility to make sure that we treat one another -- dignity and respect. And this includes recognizing. How the United States has been strengthened by the extraordinary contributions. Of immigrants from Mexico. And by Americans of Mexican heritage. The Mexican Americans enrich our communities including -- -- out of Chicago. Where you can walk the neighborhoods like -- and -- village. -- -- Dotted with murals -- Mexican patriots can stop it up on -- can. -- -- -- -- Where people are inspired by the deep faith that. Both our peoples churches like correlated what the head. We've got to Chicago owners of and everybody we're so grateful to Mexican Americans -- every segment of our side. For teaching our children and running our companies and serving with honor -- military and making breakthroughs in science. And standing up for social justice. -- Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. told. -- other ones we are Brothers in the fight for equality. And in fact without the strong support of but don't secluded so many Mexican Americans I would not be standing here today -- -- United States. So give -- -- -- America's heritage given that we share -- border with Mexico. -- Five that run back generations. It is critical that the United States recognized. The need to reform our immigration system. Because we are a nation of -- But were also a nation of immigrants. Like a nation we have a responsibility to ensure that our laws are upheld. But we also know that as a nation of immigrants immigration system we have in the United States. Right now doesn't reflect our balance. It separates families what we should be reunited. But millions of peoples to live in the Chavous. It deprived -- of the talents of so many young people. Even though we know that immigrants have always been the engine of our economy starting summer greatest companies and pioneering new industries. -- want everybody acted to lift the -- deportation from what we called dreamers. Don't people brought to the United States as children. And that's why I'm working with our congress to pass. Common sense immigration reform. This year. Perform the continues to strengthen border security -- -- strength illegal immigration. So citizens don't have to wait years to bring their families to the United States. Reform -- hold everyone accountable so immigrants get on the right side of the -- -- immigrants are not exploited and abused. And most -- -- reform that gives millions of undocumented individuals a pathway to earned. -- -- this -- and I am optimistic. After years of trying. We are going to get it done this year I'm absolutely -- And obviously. We're gonna have to work with the Mexican government. To make sure that we've got a well regulated border. But -- also all want to work with the Mexican government because I believe that the long term solution to the challenge of illegal immigration. -- -- a prosperous Mexico. Tikrit more jobs and opportunities for young people here. I agree with the Mexicans -- -- that I feel like we can reach the same level as anyone in the world. It's absolutely true and so I firmly believe. We'll -- -- -- -- -- bus together we can achieve. To a courtroom my time today -- want to focus on five areas where we can't do more. Number one let's do more to expand trade and commerce the creates good jobs for -- people. -- -- -- -- Your exports than any country -- We still more of our experts to Mexico that we do to Brazil Russia India and China. Combined. Second companies are investing more the United States and were the largest. Foreign investor in Mexico because we believe in Mexico want to be a partner in your success. So guided by the new economic dialogue that President Clinton and yet -- and I announced yesterday. Let's -- -- -- -- the true potential of our relationship. Let's keep investing in our roads our bridges our border crossings so we -- trade faster cheaper. What's up are smaller businesses. Which employed most of our workers access new markets and new capital. The big markets right across the board. Let's empower our young entrepreneur -- as they create. Start -- companies that can transform how we look. It the -- Pacific partnership this -- sort through donations can compete and win. In the fast growing markets of Asia Pacific that the United States and Mexico -- working together we can sell a whole lot of things. On the other -- -- boat were the fastest. Growing economies. -- taking off right now. That's number one number two let's just don't want things to each other let's -- -- things together. Many of our companies operating in both countries. Parts are now being shipped back and forth across the border -- us up. So every day US and Mexican workers are building things together whether -- crafts. Whether it's cars or aircraft. Or computers of satellites. I think there is only the beginning. Given the skills -- workers it makes even more sense for companies around the world to set up shop. In the United States have set up shop in Mexico and as Mexico reforms we're going to be able to do more business together and sell more goods around the world. And the more that our companies collaborate. The more competitive -- And the entire hemisphere will benefit. Because of both legs and changes. That have been created between our two -- Number three -- we secure our economic future -- secure our energy future. Including the clean energy that we need to combat climate change. Our nations are blessed boundless natural beauty. Of our coastlines. And farmlands. Two tropical -- But climate change is happen. The science is undeniable. And so the fact that our economies must become -- So in the United States we've made historic commitments to clean and renewable energy. Like solar and wind power. We made a commitment to reduce the emission of harmful carbon pollution. And here in Mexico leader cutting carbon emissions and helping developed countries do the same so together let's keep building new energy partnerships. Harnessing all these -- sources. By the way creating good jobs that come -- these new technologies. And let's keep investing in rebuilding. And and technologies that make. Art tire company more efficient but also make our planet cleaner and safer for future generations. This part of staying competitive let's do more together and educations -- young people. Have the knowledge and skills to succeed. Going to Mexico yeah. Made important progress -- more children. Staying in school longer and record numbers of students like you're getting -- university education. Just imagine how much the -- of our two countries could do it together. How much we can learn from each -- That's lawyer present but not yet though and I announced a new partnership -- higher education to encourage more collaboration between our universities and our university students. We're gonna focus on site. -- technology. On engineering and mathematics. And this is part of my broader initiative called 100000. Strong in the Americans we -- -- 100000 students. From the United States starting in Latin America including Mexico and we want a 100000 Latin American students including Mexican. Students to come. The study in the United States of America because what we -- together. And we -- together. We work together. And we property got up. To help spread prosperity in both our countries what's truly investing in innovation and research and development to -- Let's -- you're now a global leader graduating engineers the technicians. One of Mexico's leading scientists -- D'Amato Gonzales is helping analyze data from the rover that -- landed on Mars. So together let's remember that every dollar everybody -- that we invest in research and development. Returns so much more -- our economies in jobs and opportunity. New products and services. That's why I'm calling for -- to forge new partnerships in aerospace. IT and nano technology and biotechnology robotics. Let's hope of of a young woman a student at the national Polytechnic. Institute who spoke for so many in your generation so eager to make your mark she should give us jobs its creators. Jobs creators. You know sometimes -- people are known and it's just consumers of goods but. We want young people create. The new products. The next big bear. That will change how we live our lives. That's the agenda that I want to pursue. I understand that there are those both. Neared Mexico. Elsewhere in Latin America but also back home in the United States were skeptical. Of progress. Maybe -- the capacity. For us to make the most of this moment. Always cynics who say -- to harm the -- -- faces stiff. They say Mexico's been here before we look like we're making progress. We're we're we're looking at a bright horizons on the verge of great possibility but that we get blown off course. And it's true that nothing. -- -- -- Progress and success is never guaranteed. The future that you -- -- The Mexico U imagine it must be built it must be -- nobody else can afford all the you can -- -- the you -- the future. Doesn't believe in lot of other. The -- -- -- -- You -- the drink. Joseph was -- to answer the call when father. Goggle -- the church built centuries ago. Nora lives and a free Mexico are the dream that they imagine and now falls to you to keep a lot of those -- For which so many generations of Mexican struck. -- -- -- They can stand up for justice and human rights and human dignity here at home and around the world. You're the creators of the builders the climbers bus drivers who can deliver progress and prosperity it will lift. Up not just the Mexican people for generations to come but the entire world. You're the men and women who pushed this nation upwards. As Mexico assumes its rightful place. As -- probably -- in heaven or eternal destiny was written by the finger of god. You want the dream this is your moment and as you reach for that future. Always remember that you have. The greatest -- -- the greatest of friends. The nation that is rooting for your success more than anybody else. Your neighbor. The United States of America. -- -- -- And the president wrapping up there translating. God -- he is leaving that the museum of anthropology in Mexico City addressing a crowd of students. Outside there on his second day of a three day trip in Mexico not -- to. Costa Rica. Five major points that he laid out -- the agenda today one expanding -- -- commerce between the two countries building together more partnerships between companies both from the US and Mexico also a renewed energy and renewal have renewable energy resources expanded. Resource being put behind more energy consumption and in production also and it emphasis on education. And finally. -- point to expand innovation between both those countries. Want to bring in. Fusion political editor Jordan Fabian who's standing by in Washington DC Jordan. A lot of talk immigration reform but also the president made -- repeated points. Need for economic partnership between those two countries. -- there. Jordan Fabian we're having some technical difficulties there. -- try to get Jordan into that in just a moment the president is that he is making his way out of museum there shaking a few hands. Again the president's meeting yesterday with president in need in PA didn't need to excuse me. Time today moving on throughout Mexico is he will continue on his three day trip to we have Jordan available in Washington. All right we'll continue to. Try to make an establishment there. The president again the lane on his agenda for economic straits between the two countries of though it had been pushed overshadowed quite a bit yesterday by talks immigration reform. Both from concerns on both sides of the country as the US senate's and house are now taking up immigration bills and the president making a pretty strong -- committed point believing that in fact that immigration reform will happen he said. This year showing a great deal of confidence -- -- we do have Jordan Fabian now Washington DC Jordan thanks for being with us. So again and the president was speaking about immigration reform but again it sounded as if the economic need was front and center at that speech. Yeah and in the way he put it I think he's talking about the growing middle class in Mexico and how there's -- our economic opportunity. In that country -- actually said that that might actually provide less incentive for people to actually -- from Mexico the United States. It's possible in future years you can see the rumors coming from other places like Asia and Africa rather than. Mexico and Central America to -- of the economic growth there. And you more importantly he's I think the said that this trip is really about destroying some of the old stereotypes. Are relate to Mexico -- it's. -- stricken by poverty. Violence he also brought up again as we've been talking only about immigration and the economy as well the president also brought up gun violence in fact he emphasized the White House is committed to expanded gun control legislation. Didn't -- -- statement to address in a domestic issue. In Mexico. Somewhat -- Obama has talked in the past about reducing the flow of illegal guns south you know if you remember the you have the fast and furious scandal so. And now we have a field background check amendment and I think that is kind of stuck out like it's worth on Mexico's so. Obama tried to address that question what what are his speech -- What are the areas -- -- -- -- about is whether president caught in his speech for cooperation in the hi tech sector innovation and aerospace and energy among some of the other areas. The -- the talk about immigration reform as well the question is that in this field of innovation with these high tech jobs and demands being. Time -- right here in the US how significant role in Mexico and other Latin American countries -- for -- that means. It I think it remains to be seen if you look at the immigration proposal on the table right now they really try to refocus our immigration system and bringing in. More people who are more immigrants are gonna help the economy and -- a lot of more lot more high tech workers -- expand. The H one B visa. But most of those immigrants right now come from places like China. In any India so. If -- able to grow its high tech sector sector of the next decade or two we could see more immigrants coming in that way from those areas right now many immigrants from Mexico -- really come here to do. More low skilled work into reunite with the families and it ended just to. For -- you go Jordan the president semi truck went on to Costa -- little bit later on today they're he's going to be. Speak to a Central American leaders on issues such -- security economic cooperation with United States how those discussions going to be different. Then those that he had in Mexico. Well it's actually -- a cursory is actually one of the safer countries in Central America but there's still obviously. You know a lot of security issues down there as you know there's a lot of immigrants -- United States in the country like Al Salvador which is stricken by. Civil strife and in -- -- actual a lot of them have temporary protective status. So there's still a lot of instability in the region and he again the east trying to refocus the agenda on the economy but I think. Yes security is gonna come up in a major way and in related -- issues are intertwined with the country's not safe. It's going to be really tough it's increase investment and economic opportunity -- so I think the two issues that are intertwined and he's gonna have to deal with them both when he -- to coast Rica. A full agenda in Mexico and a full agenda in Costa Rica Jordan Fabian infusion political editor thank you so much for joining us from Washington DC. Of course you can give -- the latest on the president's trip to Latin America on abcnews.com. And on fusion the joint project with ABC news -- Univision to provide. English language news about Latin American issues that is at abcnews.com. Slash NBC Univision this has -- an ABC news digital special report. I'm -- Cutler in New York. This has been a special report from ABC news today.  					    This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. ABC News LiveBreaking news video as it happens, continuous live streaming video and special events at our live news hub.Go Now » 								In an ABC News exclusive, "GMA's" Robin Roberts talks with the woman known as Juror B29. 								The only minority on the jury takes you inside the secret deliberations. 								Robin Roberts interviews Juror B29, the only minority on the George Zimmerman jury. 								Four of six Florida jurors attempt to distance themselves from first juror to go public. 								President speaks candidly on his own experiences, racial profiling and moving forward. 								More than 285 people have contracted illness from cyclospora, a parasite from the tropics. 								More than 250 people have been sickened by the bug and at least 10 sent to the hospital. 								Former New England Patriots tight end Aaron Hernandez is charged with the murder of Odin Lloyd. 								George Zimmerman's parents talk to Barbara Walters in their first interview after the verdict. 								Homicide detectives search home of Dr. Autumn Klein following sudden death. 								The singer goes without clothes in photo spread; new album ARTPOP drops in November. 								Prince William and Kate will spend three weeks away with their newborn named George Alexander Louis. 								Patriots tight end charged in connection with the death of semi-pro football player, Odin Lloyd. 								Juror B29 tells Robin Roberts that jurors could not prove Zimmerman intentionally killed Martin. 								"Nightline" goes inside the only professional jockey school in the United States. 					External links are provided for reference purposes. ABC News is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites.  Copyright © 2013 ABC News Internet Ventures. Yahoo! - ABC News Network