ABC News and Yahoo News offer live results and analysis of returns from the ten states participating in Super Tuesday, including the key battleground state of Ohio. I’m Chris Suellentrop, the deputy editor for blogs at Yahoo News, including the Ticket, our news and elections site. Joining me will be Walter Shapiro, who writes the “Character Sketch” column for Yahoo News, and newly minted Yahoo News columnist Jeff Greenfield. HI, it’s Jeff Greenfield. Very happy to have begun today as a Yahoo News columnist. Still wrestling with the wrenching question of whether to include the (!) after Yahoo each time. I see Chris doesn’t, so I will restrain myself. More important, Jeff wisely advised all of us tonight to fixate less on who wins each individual state and more on the total delegate count for each candidate. 15 mins before GA poll close and Gingrich party doesnt start for 45. Staff says he wont speak until 8:30/9. Yes, my somewhat idiosyncratic style is Yahoo! and “Yahoo News,” but the official style is Yahoo! News. (Fascinating, yes, everyone?) They say Santorum has to not only win but “win big” because of the delegate counts. My question is what kind of margins would “win big” be? So, Jeff says it doesn’t matter who wins Ohio, but in terms of how the results will be interpreted, it matters very much. There are 10 states that vote, and if Gingrich wins Georgia, and Santorum wins Tennessee and Oklahoma — oh gosh, maybe I can’t convince myself that it matters after all. One very early question: if Gingrich takes Georgia and Tennessee, you’ll see rumbles–misplaced, I think–of a 3rd Newt resurrection. And there’ll be questions about “can Romney play in the South” if he comes up short in TN, with ominous warnings about Alabama and Mississippi next week. My own feeling is we are seeing a slow, almost reluctant notion among Republicans that they know who their nominee will be. My question, Chris, is whether the interpretation will shift to what we saw with Clinton-Obama–she won lots of primaries, but the focus stayed on the delegate count. Mitt’s MI win powerfully pushed the narrative to that arena. I think….rather then people worrying about Super Tuesday…more people are anxious to know what Apple will reveal tomorrow in regard to the ipad 3 Guest, to answer your question, historically proportional states tend to award roughly the same percent of the delegates as the percent of the popular vote. So while you could technically win every district with 51 percent, and sweep the delegates, a candidate that wins 60 percent of the statewide vote tends to get about 60 percent of the delegates. Yes, guest, I believe the real revelation is that Siri will do light housekeeping. Yes, Jeff — Romney needs to get to the place where Obama was late in his campaign against Clinton, where she was mathematically alive but not logically alive — like a team that is down 100-0 in the bottom of the ninth. Could they win? Sure. Will they? No. How many delegates is that tonight? Wilson, you’re the editor of a predictions blog. Just to be able to tie Romney in delegates, he needs almost a hundred delegates … so 100+ more than Romney would be win big. If Romney goes on to win the nomination, do you think the other candidates will genuinely rally behind him in support, or will we see a divided Republican party? Congrats, Chris–the first sports metaphor. I’m going with chess. (Santorum is down a knight and a bishop–well, maybe not a bishop with his contraception views), The delegate allocation rules are incredibly byzantine, Suellentrop, but Santorum can’t barely lose the states he loses and still rack up enough delegates to stay competitive. The rules still heavily favor the winner of the popular vote. He’ll win 4 states if he’s VERY lucky, but I just don’t see the mathematical case. And nothing says inspired politics like math. John, I don’t think we’ll see any division like, say, McGovern or Goldwater…the question will be intensity: does the deep, enduring hostility to Obama on the Tea Party and social conservative wings mean more than their coolness toward Romney? Gingrich has won Georgia, and Amy Walter and David Chalian are starting their livestream show. That’s two big wins. More important, I just heard from Walter Shapiro on an antiquated device known as a telephone. He was trying to get online from a pizza parlor in Dayton, but poor Wi-Fi is making him drive to his hotel. He’ll be with us soon. David, I don’t think anyone drops out. Gingrich will note that GA is the fourth biggest prize of all–thanks to the bonus delegates given to states that went GOP in ’08–and this will give him leverage into next week in the South. If he pulls off Tennessee, that argument will be stronger. Santorum has Pennsylvania to look forward to. And Paul never drops out…he’s marching to his own drummer. Also, maybe the real question is whether the SuperPac funders–Foster Freiss and Sheldon Adelson–stay with Rick and Newt. Foster Freiss has been notably absent recently. He’s on an around-the-world trip with his wife. David Garner: As long as Sheldon Adelson keeps ponying up money, I don’t think Gingrich gets out. GA is the biggest one tonight–but it’s not WTA. So Newt’s win doesn’t tell us what his delegate net will be. Good article today Jeff. Welcome to Yahoo. Looking forward to reading more from you in the future. Rick Santorum, for his part, was talking to ABC’s Jon Karl about Texas yesterday. Texas’ primary is much later (late May currently), but Santorum was talking with great certainty about how he’ll be competing there. Romney scares everyone when he talks about being able to work with the democrats. No one wants him to work with them. anybody know of good streaming TV or radio coverage of super tuesday on the internet? ABC, by the way, has projected Georgia for Gingrich. But not Virginia for Romney (yet). He does lead there. That’s got to be a little surprising, since it’s just him and Paul on the ballot. Nathaniel, great question. Right here!http://news.yahoo.com/elections/super-tuesday/ There’s Yahoo News’ Rachel Hartman on our Yahoo News/ABC News livestream, hosted by Yahoo News’ David Chalian and ABC News’ Amy Walter, with contributions from reporters from both organizations who are in the field. Republicans NEED to work with democrats. That’s the problem with all this insanity I hate how people are counting Ron Paul out of Virginia. Romney may be more popular, but I feel like the Ron Paul supporters are more dedicated. I’d much rather have a small dedicated group than an apathetic majority. Why did Gingrich win Georgia? Per Gary Langer’s exit poll analysis – “While a minority of voters, 36 percent in exit poll results, said Gingrich’s ties mattered at least somewhat in their vote, nearly all of them – 75 percent – voted for him. That produced three-quarters of his winning vote total in the state.” Byron, I thought I saw a 63-3u7 spread for Romney in Virginia. SInce only he and Ron Paul were on the ballot, I suspect the Gingrich-Santorum folks will say that’s weak. But again, in terms of delegates, it’s just another part of the argument that Romney is inevitable. He isn’t–because you just don;t know what Black Swan lurks in the waters ahead–but that’s where I think the conversation is leading. After this Romney will still be the leader, with at best a little over 500 delegates, with 22 or 50 states having voted. Texas, the single larges remaining block of delegates, may not get their act together. Most states splitting their delegates. How is this not going to end in a brokered convention? William, unfortunately your “small, dedicated group” will lose to the alleged “apathetic majority.” Romney is waaay up. But nobody has called yet. Meanwhile, only Romney and Paul are on the ballot because Virginia had bizarre ballot access requirements. My musings (not unique) on why the nominating process is such a mess this year.http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/analysis-gop-primaries-mess/story?id=15835222 Bizarre ballot access? Seems Romney and Paul could read and understand the rules perfectly well. Please remember that past nominees have lost a fair amount of later primaries (Carter, Reagan, Mondale, etc) It is getting late for a Romney loss to trigger plausible “momentum” concerns. Not that it can’t—just gets less likely Paulbots, roll out! —> RT @ZekeJMillerAnother shocker! Romney wins state where he was the only serious candidate on the ballot. [via Twitter] Sorry…As my Yahoo column argued, people keep confusing primaries with November, when every state (almost) is WTA for electoral votes. So margins of victory don’t matter. But in primaries, with delegate allocation rules, they matter a whole lot. Point being Tim – if Santorum and Gingrich were on the ballot, it would be a much different race. It’s important to have organized campaigns. But it is perhaps just as important for voters to be able to vote for the candidate they want to vote for. I’ll go there with you Jeff. Michigan was declared a definitive win for Romney because he won the popular vote. But he only won it in delegates when they changed the allocation rules after the fact. In fairness, Jeff, as your column pointed ot the media bears some responsibiliy in that. The media narrative is about who wins the various states and the delegate distribution is in the fourth paragraph below the fold (or in modern terms, after the jump) This is probably a silly question, but I’m only in high school. How do they know Gingrich has won Georgia with so little of the vote counted? is it exit polls they’re using? HIstorical note–in ’84, Hart won Florida and others–but Alabama and Georgia held for Mondale, keeping him in the race. I voted in Georgia. I didn’t see anyone doing exit polls at my polling place. I voted for Mitt, btw. Tishy,exit polling is usually reliable.. like knowing what the soup tastes like after a spoonful or two. Good to see high school students taking enough interest to follow a super tuesday live blog. Regardless of who wins the election tonght, we all win when the next generation gets interested in what’s going on. I believe that if tonight goes as I think, you will hear a recording of Dandy Don Meredith from Monday Night Football days warbling: “turn out the lights, the party’s over.” Bogus Bill, states that went for McCain get bonus delegates. GA went for McCain…Ohio for Obama. I am watching this via iPad, while my parents wait to vote in Alaska… Wish I could vote this time round. We miss @hilella at Yahoo NYC HQ, where the Spider Man pinball machine feels bereft. Live video and live blog! http://news.yahoo.com/elections/super-tuesday/[via Twitter] Romney up almost 2-1 among late deciders…repeating pattern in MI and FL. Money does come in handy for those ads and robocalls… Hi, Phoebe Connelly! That’s Yahoo News senior editor on the livestream show with David and Amy right now. NYTimes says Santorum is in peril of falling under 20% in GA, meaning NO delegates. This will make a Tennessee win less impressive in terms of an ” I can win the South” argument. If you’re not watching the “Hello Cleveland!” journey from the George-and-Diane desk to the livestream studio during breaks, you’re missing out. Jeff, that would be devastating for Santorum, especially after the Ohio delegate debacle and the Virginia ballot, er, boondoggle. @Bogus Bill, because in the Presidential election, Ohio has more electoral votes than GA… so it becomes a key “republican” state.. (usually goes red) the media loves Romney as he will earn them the most revenue.– the media will play it for all its worth so they spend as much as possible. this what this country has become-sad if you ask me. That’s right, Shaytalis. What’s most interesting is what they’re search for alongside the candidate names Guest, I don’t think things are quite that deterministic, and equally important, TV networks will make a lot of money this fall no matter who the Republican nominee is. People are searching for basic things around Santorum, like “values” and “issues” I wonder why the country is not ready for someone rich and successful as president Cherylann328– to be clear about this: Georgia (along with TX) were the only populous states to go GOP i ’08–so their bonus delegates mean they have more convention clout than their populations would otherwise mean. GA is a “red” state in November–Ohio is a classic “up for grabs” state. Since ’60, it’s always gone with the winner. You only quoted the first part of what I said, not the actual point of what I said :/ Just arrived at Romney HQ in Boston where staffers are handing out “Massachusetts Believes” and “Virginia Believes” signs to supporters [via Twitter] sorry about that, Shaytalis — the numbers you see from Phoebe on our webcast are from Yahoo Search Compared to my barely 6 figure salary, every President has been rich and successful. George Washington’s salary, as I understand it, was equivalent to $1 million in todays dollars. Not to mention they won the Presidency. Douglas: Phoebe is busy being a TV star, but I can tell you that the gambling markets (which we follow closely at The Signal, since people with money on the line are very reliable) are not optimistic about Santorum v. Obama The National Review had a column on Romney–a supportive column–headlined: “An Acceptable Man.” I can’t wait to see that bumper sticker. Wow. Band at Romney rally is playing “Poison” by Bel Biv Davoe! [via Twitter] Has anyone evaluated the height factor yet? It is hard to tell the way they have staged the debates so far, but it seems Ron Paul is too short to be elected President in this century. It also seems Gingrich is at a bit of a height disadvantage. Romney and Santorum seem to be more evenly matched. It is a silly stat, but at some level it seems to matter to many. im a 18 year old high school student as well. hoping to see Paul surprise a bit. Exit polls now suggests a very close race in OH, with only Romney and Santorum likely to win delegates. Which means, in pre-spin, pre-analysis reality, IT DOESN’T MATTER WHICH ONE WINS. This is NOT a winner-take-all election, it is NOT likely November, so they will likely get a pretty even delegate split, further increasing the probability that Romney will end the night with a bigger delegate lead. I know, i know “a win is a win”, but it’s not…all “wins” are not created equal. Now Romney house band is playing “Party in the USA” by Miley Cyrus. WOW [via Twitter] But yes, I think Al Gore was, too. A lot of these “rules” often are just coincidences, like the Super Bowl rule. Haha YES RT @BCamTX: @hollybdc Mitt is restoring the values of New Jack Swing! [via Twitter] Gore was taller than G.W. Bush, and more people voted for him. The taller candidate has received the popular vote in every election since 1976. Gore in ’00 wanted to “stalk” Bush at the 3rd debate to show he was (slightly) taller. It was a disastrous move. See my award-deserving book “Oh Waiter, One Order of Crow.” RT @GrahamDavidA: BREAKING: The press corps has called the victory-party election for the band at Romney’s party in Boston. [via Twitter] Jeff, that is two liveblogs in a row that have mentioned “Oh Waiter, One Order of Crow.” Do we need to do an intervention? (OK, last time it was from the comments — OR SO YOU SAY.) Jeff – I remember that. He followed him around the stage and looked imposing. He also had those horrid sighs. RT @globeglen: RT @ShepherdCNN: CNN confirms Newt Gingrich will get U.S. Secret Service protection beginning tomorrow [via Twitter] Chris–my lawyers are checking libel statutes…only ONE plug, and none at all for my latest book, “Then Everything Changed”, just out in paperback. Jeff that really was one of the things that turned my parents off Gore. They thought he came across as arrogant and trying to make him seem better. It was a bone-headed move. who doesn’t! RT @OKnox: I like my Super Tuesday liveblogging with a heapin’ helpin’ of @zbyronwolf.http://yhoo.it/ydQJ90 [via Twitter] OK, Canadian, be nice. Jeff just got here! And we’re delighted to have THE AUTHOR OF ‘WHEN EVERYTHING CHANGED’ with us to cover the 2012 campaign. Last pols from TN I saw had a fairly close 3-way split (Romney, Gingrich, Santorum) As for why Ron Paul hasn’t won a single state–his support is deep but not at all wide. His foreign policy views are distinctly un-Republican–at least as of 1944. Anonymous – I think Ron Paul is still smarting after disappointing showings in Iowa, Nevada and elsehwere. There were some very smart people who were very convinced he would do very well in Iowa. Trev – Santorum seems to have done better than Romney among men, women and white voters in Tennessee, according to exit polls. Media row at Santorum rally in Ohiohttp://instagr.am/p/H2iLVgACHw/ [via Twitter] You may start to hear folks say Romney was/is “inevitable.” I don’t think so. The GOP was never more likely to abandon the “it’s his turn” habit. FWIW, I think if Rick Perry had been better prepared–assuming he had the ability to BE prepared–the nomination was his to lose. GWBush spent years getting ready to run–Perry seems to have showed up believing he’d be handed the nomination. Romney camp is already out with excerpts of prepared remarks he’ll deliver tonight [via Twitter] Byron–if Santorum did better in TN with men and women, doesn’t that kind of wrap up the population as a whole? Who’s left? Yes, Jeff. the famous political authority, “my dad,” told me when he saw Perry enter the race (my father is not someone who follows politics closely) on TV, “This guy would have to really screw it up” (to not be the nominee). And–guess what–he did! Am I the only one that thinks Gingrich and Santorum are splitting votes? If Gingrich is out, then I don’t think Romney has a chance. Why isn’t this idea newsworthy? [Kissing up to boss] Hey, I’m sure Mr. Suellentrop senior is very aurally gifted No question Gingrich and Santorum are splitting votes, one of them needs to drop. No, Guest. If there were one SantoruGingrich candidate that were winning Gingrich and Tennessee to Romney’s victories…. this would be a different story. why is it that ron paul has more supporters than the amount of votes he is getting, better question, why is it that he is not getting the media coverage as the rest of the canidates are Guest, I THINK polling suggests that Romney is the 2nd choice of Santorum voters and the second choice of Gingrich voters. But that doesn’t necessarily tell us what would actually happen in a 2-person race. Assumed37–if Paul has more supporters than votes, than either a lot are under 18 or haven’t bothered to vote or—maybe he has more energized supporters, but not more supporters. If you’ve ever wanted to see and hear Chris Moody of Yahoo News, now is the time to check out the livestream http://news.yahoo.com/elections/super-tuesday/ Assumed37–This is a question we’ve all contemplated many times. To some extent, I think there’s a hall of mirrors effect–Paul supporters are so passionate that they are able to appear more numerous compared to less vocal supporters of others. Either that or a vast media/government conspiracy These weekly elections and the chats here are more entertaining than American Idol and the good news is that this will not be over by the May Sweeps. In Tennessee, according to exit polls, 43 percent of voters said Romney was most likely to defeat Obama. And yet 22 percent of those 43 voted for Santorum anyway. well chris wilson you do have to take into account over the last couple of months the media almost try to talk ron paul down every chance they get and make him look stupid, but one question i really like to ask people is, can you really tell me we wouldn’t do better with a smaller government and no federal reserve? At times it appears republicans are looking towards 2016. They need to remember George H. Bush appeared to be so far out front and along came a southern governor Bill Clinton. Need to think big picture – newt are you listening? Guest – Along came a rich guy named Ross Perot. He gave Bill Clinton a little help, no? Who will this year’s rich guy be? Jon Hunstman? This photo by @evanvucci of Newt Gingrich campaigning at Space Camp today is amazinghttp://bit.ly/yHRKgS [via Twitter] Byron, there’s a Ryan Lizza New Yorker piece that includes research showing how primary voters do not always go with the person they think the strongest candidate if that person doesn’t reflect their political views. Jeff, i resent all the time you have to read New Yorker articles on Super Tuesday. Right, Jeff – but it speaks to the larger point for Romney of excitement. Granted, the biggest motivator for Republicans in November is sure to be Barack Obama… Gingrich got 73 percent of the people who though Gingrich is best equipped to beat Obama. Santorum got 89 percent of those who think Santorum is best equipped. @zbryonwolf: Paul has more of a correlation to Perot than Huntsman does who has stayed fairly quiet since his exit. Hello, everyone. This is Walter Shapiro, who is belatedly joining the conversation after driving back from Dayton after a day of interviewing Ohio voters at the polls in the Columbus, Cincinnati and Dayton areas. It doesn’t surprise me that the Ohio results seem close, since that’s certainly what I picked up at the polling places. Also, if it hasn’t been said before, Newt Gingrich seems to be more successful with a one-state strategy than, say, Jon Huntsman did. Guest – Huntsman endorsed Romneey, then bad-mouthed his China policy. He’s now been black-balled from RNC fund-raising evnets. And suddenly he’s the number 2 supported candidate for Americans Elect. (behind your Paul). Walter! Thank God you’re here. [everyone rushes to get a cup of coffee during four-hour Ironman liveblog] All I want to know is one thing — has Romney picked his vice president yet? Seriously, because I switched on CNN when I got back in my hotel room, I am at the moment watching an interview with Sarah Palin who just voted for “X” in the Alaska caucuses. Anyone want to guess who that “X” was. I might assume Gingrich, but I could also imagine her casting a strategic vote for Santurm. Walter, I am philosophically opposed to discussing the veepstakes before we have a nominee. I retract my welcoming note. Hello Sara Just from ABC joining a bit late to the live blog party. Chris S, why do you hate veepstakes? What else are we supposed to do in July?? I was joking about VPs.. When you’re driving across Ohio at 80 miles per hour, you realize how silly you will sound if a police officer pulls you over and says what’s the rush. Somehow, “I am late to Live Blog Super Tuesday” may not win any awards for appealing excuses. Band is asking the Romney crowd to “Say Yeaaaaaaaaaah.” Now playing “Don’t Stop Believin”–which means the room is prob going to explode [via Twitter] July is a lovely time for the veepstakes, Sara. I’m just opposed to discussing it in March. Much like I’m opposed to discussing 2016 odds. But what do you think of Chris Christie’s chances… Walter, Chris Moody was given a warning in Georgia this week. Don’t forget to use your Official Yahoo! Get Out of Jail Free Card. Here’s some evidence that the primary has damaged Romney. He’s fallen against Obama in our OTUS News political stock market – which charts overall value. Another reason why it’s premature to discuss VPs is because so often candidates make that decision based on their polling in July. And I can’t guess what it would show for the GOP de facto nominee. Guy just drunkenly came and deposited a Bud Light in front of my computer in press area and stumbled out of the room at Romney HQ [via Twitter] Walter – If John McCain had been discussing VPs earlier there’s a good chance we would never have gotten Sarah Palin. I am for suspending the First Amendment to permit criminal prosecution of anyone other then campaign operatives talking Romney VP before summer solstice. I have an unorthodox question: The unemployment rate remains at nearly 9%, with the real rate being far larger, gas prices are spiraling uncontrollably- almost at their highest prices ever, the housing market is beyond abysmal- perhaps the worst since the Depression, inflation in sectors like the food market is lurking in the background and the national debt, now $15 trillion and counting, has been caused to rise faster in the past 3 years than from Washington to Bush, II in total. So, my question is: Why is the mainstream media talking about Rush Limbaugh? It’s a futile conversation anyway since everyone knows it’s going to be Rubio. RT @DanaBashCNN: Palin tells CNN in Alaska shes not closing the door to jumping in if there’s a brokered convention [via Twitter] Actually, I think that it would have taken until Convention Eve to convince McCain that he couldn’t pick a VP:who supported abortion rights like Tom Ridge or Joe Lieberman. So I think that no matter how early McCain started, the VP pick would have been done the fly. Yes, Jeff, I’m pretty sure there was something in the post 9/11 authorization of force about that. Right, Walter – I forgot. McCain wanted Lieberman. Could a McCain/Lieberman ticket have done better than a McCain/Palin ticket? Then it would have been even more about the war. Romney’s speech excerpts for tonight aren’t much diff than his regular campaign speech. Heavily focused on Obama, gen election [via Twitter] Huntsman by far had the most appeal to moderates and people on the left dissatisfied with Obama. Too bad Republicans hated him. It is all a big charade. We are living in a one party system. The “Haves”. Keep everyone thinking that it makes a diference whether it is a dem or rep in office. It doesn’t. Just keep drinking the kool aid and let the brain dead times roll!!! Dear Confused: first, that’s a great concise summary of economic woes. Second, we talk about Rush for the same reason we talk about the Khardashians, March Madness, Oscar fashions, and a hundred other things: diversion. I can’t believe any of these pundits seriously think Sarah Palin is a viable candidate for any office All that talk of Tom Ridge – who’d have thought several years ago that the Pennsylvania Republican with a viable presidential campaign and a shot (however slim) at the nomination would be Rick Santorum and not Tom Ridge? I hope you didn’t think that I was taking Sarah Palin seriously as a national candidate for anything. I was just kinda curious who she voted for in the all-important, star-search Alaska caucuses. RT @GOP12: Here’s video of Palin’s 2016 prez comments on CNN tonight. http://twurl.nl/6ofums [via Twitter] So if there would be a brokered convention… which new candidates should be considered? RT @TheFix: NBC projects Santorum wins Tennessee. Preserves a firewall if he loses Ohio. [via Twitter] I love your Tom Ridge point. Especially since Santorum is a finalist and Ridge was last seen campaigning for Jon Huntsman. John: unless Romney drops out in July-August, there is not going to be a brokered convention… Jeff — But a revival of Gore Vidal’s “The Best Man” opens for previews on Broadway this week. That play remains the closest I expect ever to get to a brokered convention. Well, Walter, in a couple of years, there just may be a novel with that theme… “I am a real American” song playing at Gingrich headquarters and the Newt-a-Mania signs there tonight are a tribute to Hulk Hogan – yes Hulk Hogan. How do I know this bit of professional wrestling trivia? From John Berman and “Politically Foul”http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/power-players-abc-news/newt-mania-gripping-georgia-024437056.html With the Tennessee call, Santorum has (drum roll, maestro) finally won a major primary. I do not count Missouri since it was just a beauty contest. Another way to look at how weird the Virginia primary was… three of the four candidates live in that state. Only Paul was on the ballot. Romney lives in three other states and he won. But Tennessee raises a serious point — does the narrative change if, say, Santorum wins Tennessee and Ohio, while Gingrich has swept Georgia and looks good in the two upcoming Deep South primaries? Iowa was not a primary, Walter… but he gets props for being first out of the gate… even if we didn’t know it ’til 19 days later. Sara, I know it because I watched a lot of “Saturday Night’s Main Event” in my day. I think the “Mitt can’t win the South” argument will be a major theme tomorrow…but remember in ’08 when Obama lost white working class votes all over the US in the primaries–and carried all those states in the fall, (PA, MI, WI, OH,) most by double digits. Does Mitt have a fall problem in the South? Guys, can we change our National Elites meeting about how to surpress Newt Gingrich’s campaign tmw from 9:15 to 10? I have a dentist appointment. Does the fact paul has thus far gotten over 40% of the vote in virginia point to even more serious isuues with conservatives for Romney? Thats right Zach – three out of four of these Washington outsiders live in a Washington suburb. Speaking of Mitt Romney/’s weak points. Once again, in Ohio, according to the exit polls, he loses voters with family income under $100,000 to Santorum. That middle-middle-class problem seems more serious for Mitt Romney than even the Deep South. Wilson, I have a meeting in that window about how to keep ignoring Barack Obama’s continuation of the Bush policies in the war on terror. 11 work? So, Walter and colleaagues, if Mitt loses GA, TN, and OH but wins most delegates, is the story that Mitt is inevitable, or that he’s still disturbingly weak? Reminder: Earlier today, Gingrich gave a history of flight in America. [via Twitter] Bel – Virginia’s turnout was about half what it was in 2008. By keeping the major candidates (except for Paul and Romney) off the ballot… they made themselves meaningless. Jeff — I am still not ready to count delegates. Particularly, since the rules for allocating caucus delegates would Byzz in “Byzantine.” I think the question remains: “Against this very weak field of challengers, why can’t Romney put it away?” Serious question: I would love polling on how damaging it was to Gingrich’s campaign that he had three wives. He’s not a newt, nor “the walrus” ….Newt: “I am the tortoise” [via Twitter] One other wrinkle from the Ohio exit polls — once again, Santorum has lost the Catholics to Romney. Disturbingly weak. But how do you award the Oh win? By votes, or delegates? Mitt Can lose the vote but win the delegates Walter, that’s the same question OBama kept being asked after losing those spring primaries…it’s a perfectly fair question, and it underlines how the right alternative candidate could have put Romney away. But there isn’t one, as far as I can see.. so is it your assumption that we remain in this limbo? Because, Mr. Shapiro, most Republicans don’t like him. I’m concerned that, with two less-than-likable candidates in the fall, and billions of dollars to spend, we will see the ugliness of 1988 on massive steroids. Jeff — I guess my assumption is that we remain in heavily Romney-leaning limbo. But limbo nonetheless. Gingrich: “You are the reason we survived every effort of the establishment to stop us.” [via Twitter] Song now playing at Santorum rally in Ohio: “Devil went down to Georgia” [via Twitter] Jeff – the Obama analogy makes a good point. It ultimately doesn’t matter how weak Romney is right now. Everything zeroes out when the general starts. And he and Obama throttle each other. Matthew — I am not sure which campaign will bring back the ugliness of 1988. But I do think that (as you imply) it was the worst campaign in 40 years. Speaking of ’88 – did you see Barbara Bush lament that this campaign is so ugly? She thinks its worse now (apparently forgetting how Willie Horton helped her husband). and to take the Obama 2008 analogy one step further, any chance if Romney is elected he asks Santorum or Gingrich to be his Secretary of State? Newt is back on the “I’m the Great Debater” argument. But his point that Romney can’t outspend Obama as he is doing in the primaries seems to me to have resonance. Now Newt has just brought back his most appealing to Republicans argument: Only I can debate Barack Obama. That argument played a significant role in helping him win South Carolina since it actually gives him an electabiliy argument. For those not watching live, the “Devil Went Down to Georgia” played at Santorum rally while Newt gave GA speech on big screen. [via Twitter] Citizens U will make for unprecedented negativity. Hopefully, the Supremes Free Speech reasoning will be turned on it’s head One other Big Thought about Newt. I was surprised how many Republicans I interviewed in Ohio today said that they would have voted for him today if they thought they weren’t wasting their votes. While I am not proposing a third major comeback for Newt, I do think that he may, just may, get another look. May be the strongest anti-Romney argument for Newt and Rick is: “the only reason you’re still standing is all your money. But Obama will have as much or more than you if you’re the nominee. So what’s your rationale for deserving the nod?” Whoa. Wait a minute. I’m as much of a political media critic as the next guy, but berating moderators is not debating. Newt is not professional. He in a way avoids every bad thing he does thats why I think either Santorum or Romney are going to win the nomination. Newt and Paul should quit now. Ohio AG Mike DeWine on Romney’s efforts here: “They think they can buy love and affection.”[via Twitter] My favorite wrinkle from the Tennessee exit poll — Romney won just one educational group. Tennessee Republicans with post-graduate degrees. Can we agree to change “Happy Warrior” to “Annoyed Warrior” now? I thought we had that down after Nevada, people. [via Twitter] Newt invokes “Saturday Night Live.” Isn’t that worse that the “liberal elite media”? Where has the tea party been hiding? They did a great job in 2010. Now, it appears that Santorum is flying solo. Oh boy… “Play That Funky Music” is playing at Romney HQ, which is eliciting the amazing dancing you would expect [via Twitter] CNN projects that Santorum won Oklahoma. I wish I knew how all this would be played tomorrow morning. The narrative seems to depend on Ohio. Let’s think about this, Walter. Even if Santorum wins Ohio and Tennessee and Oklahoma, and Gingrich wins Georgia, that’s only four losses out of six and a likely delegate draw. Won’t that be cast as “Romney keeps grinding it out”? BTW, Newt podium, signs, all emblazoned with $2.50 here tonight. There were even promotional gas cans outside the ballroom. [via Twitter] People are so freakin’ obsessed with Ohio, I don’t see how a loss there for Romeny isn’t devastating Chris, Walter, a heretical thought–does the “narrative” matter? In other words, does the skepticism about Romney’s strength begin to affect his delegate-collection? If so, where and how? In the Ohio exit polling, Santorum wins age groups under 50. Romney wins age groups over. Jeff – are you suggesting that delegates won by Romney will flee? Or that Romney will start to lose future contests? Jeff — Where are we if Newt wins Mississippi and Alabama next Tuesday? At some point (warning: heretical thought ahead) Santorum and Gingrich might actually put together competent delegate operations. Jeff: At some point, the narrative does matter. Trey Hardin just said on the Yahoo livestream that Santorum is very likely going to win Ohio tonight. So let that sink in. He doesn’t have delegates. He only has narrative. He is going to have to wield it. It doesn’t matter what happens….the media will spin it as good news for Mr. Obama. I suspect that if Romney loses Ohio to Santorum, it would be close enough that under the states rules Romney would still earn a narrow delegate win and could hide behind that We are a long way from Romney getting anywhere close to even sighting a majority ot the delegates. There is time for the wheels to come off the Mitt Mobile before he gets close to 1144 or whatever magic number is. I’m with Chris — I do think the narrative matters. Since this is not Hillary 100 delegates behind while running out of primaries. Dear Guest — I love anyone who invokes Adlai Stevenson 1960 at a moment like this. Orchestral anthem from “The Natural” playing before Santorum speech. Paging staunch conservative Robert Redford! [via Twitter] Romney won Virginia but Paul got 40% of the vote bad sign for republicans if Romney gets the nomination Dear Guest — I assume that most of the Ron Paul votes in Virginia were “Anybody But Romney” votes. Agreed, Chris–I am just trying to understand how the race can play out other than with Romney slogging to a majority. I certainly can see coverage that emphasizes Romney’s weakness if Santorum takes Ohio, but I keep coming back to the point that the difference between a 2 pt win or loss there is entirely interpretive–unless we think “MOMENTUM” now begins to have legs. My momentum has slowed since we started feasting on Szechuan Gourmet delivery at Yahoo NYC HQ. narrative can overcome delegates IF gop party elites abandon romney. there is now more of a chance that they might. VA’s primary wasn’t broken, it’s not their fault half the candidates were incompetent. Friends — Is it possible that sometime in our lifetimes Santorum and Gingrich might actually put together decent delegate-tracking operations. Jeff -the argument why the narrative matters is that most Republican voters I have talked to in Ohio in the last few days believe that the race isn’t decided. They think their votes matter. I wonder how the primaries would fall out if republicans voted for the candidate they wanted rather than the candidate they thought would win. Voting for the “inevitable winner” is such a cop out. Romney barely slogging into wins while outspending his opponents 10 to 1 is insanely bad, I just asked room service in my hotel in Columbus for Szechuan. They offered me a steak instead. To Bowman: Do we know that the Republicans aren’t voting for Romney because they genuinely prefer him? If Santorum wins Ohio, momentum once again will have failed. Look at the rhythm: Romney wins NH, gets clobbered in SC, triumphs in FL, loses in MN, MO, CO, comes from behind and win MI, and now? If you can find a rhythm here, you’re smoking something righteous. I certainly talked to many (mostly upscale) Ohio voters who liked Romney because of his business background and because they perceive him as a DC outsider. The Terrible Towels are out at Santorum Ohio rally near PA border http://instagr.am/p/H2qn-HgCJt/[via Twitter] Santorum says he pumped iron in the HS weight room before giving rally speech tonight. [via Twitter] Chinese food is Jewish food….at least on Christmas Day (see Elena Kagan’s confirmation testimony) My memory was that Steubenville, Ohio, was the heart of Hillary country in 2008. Santorum is certainly preparing to be king of all the parts of Ohio that root for the Pittsburgh Steelers. Hat tip: Ohio GOP consultant Curt Steiner for that line. Two girls who were busting serious moves on top row of bleachers at Romney HQ were just relocated to ground level, prob to prevent injury [via Twitter] Rick Santorum has this surprising vulnerability about him for a social-conservative crusader. It was Hillary Frey, now on maternity leave from Yahoo News but our esteemed managing editor, who first pointed this out to me. I’m getting my Phillies rally towels out as a craven excuse to bring them up in the live blog. What people don’t seem to understand about Romney and business people in general… just because you are good at running a business doesn’t mean you truly understand economics. Although business makes up an economy, you can still be a successful businessman and not know squat about what is good or bad for the economy. Chris — The shame of this primary season is that Florida voted before the start of spring training games, as did Arizona. By the way, how influential are the American Samoa caucuses next week? If it’s a delegate contest, these things ultimately will matter. Comedian @scrowder warming up crowd before Santorum speech. Mentions “Mitt ‘just for men’ Romney.” [via Twitter] Our Michael Falcone reported last week that Rick Santorum can’t actually winn any delegates from Steubenville -http://abcnews.go.com/blogs/politics/2012/03/rick-santorums-ohio-delegate-problems-pile-up/ Walter: Clearly time for a “Character Sketch” column from the territories… Good point, Walter–Puerto Rico could matter, which is why I am asking the Yahoo Travel Agency to book a ticket ads s suite at the Caribe hilton for me…(need room for all my research) Chris — I really was hoping that “Character Sketch” could explore in depth Barack Obama’s Hawaiian roots. There is so much more to do on that subject — maybe as part of a month-long project. Actually, Chris, Americans Abroad has a much underestimated role in the campaign. Paris, I believe, would be the right place to base some lengthy in-depth reporting. Romney is set to hit the stage in about four minutes, per spokesman [via Twitter] Jeff, way to debunk stereotypes about snooty journalists with expensive tastes. This is what, day 2? Jeff, I will be exploring the president’s ancestral roots during several Kenyan safaris this summer. Need the context to understand the broad contours of the fall campaign. Puerto Rico: 23 delegates; The Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa and North Marianas: 9 delegates each. Total: 59 delegates Why are people asking if Rick Santorum should quit the race? Why isn’t the poll asking about Newt and Ron? With them out of the race wouldn’t Rick only increase in favorability!? Chris — Because I think Newt is poised for a comeback, I want Yahoo to send me on a Greek cruise so I can divine his political secrfets. Small varmints, if you will RT@megancarpentier Newt cites bunnies & tortoises, Santorum cites camels, who’s Romney gonna bring on the ark? [via Twitter] Newt Gas. Now accepting donations. (P.S. Sweet Home Alabama is playing in bkgrd.) Santorum sounds some highly pessimistic notes in his talk…maybe that’s okay provided he ends with some optimism (BW, that’s what Churchill did in his famous speeches-he’d begin with blunt bad news if that’s what reality demanded, and then sounded words of encouragement). Does anyone know if Santorum has a speechwriter? That’s actually a serious question. I can’t tell if he is always winging it — or whether he has decided that the best contrast with Romney is to seem like he is winging it. Agreed, John: This is Santorum’s strength (speaks from the heart, doesn’t rely on scripted words) and weakness (often unfocused, rambling) why (how) come my posts don’t show up on this scroll thing? come on yahoo get it together! i mean, HELLO! haha but seriously ron paul 2012 So Gingrich got 49% of Georgia, Mitt 72% of Mass, what will Santorum get in Pa, any guesses? Mitt Romney arrives on stage at his Boston rally http://instagr.am/p/H2tYT8oDkV/ [via Twitter] I say this almost every Tuesday. But this time it is really important. How does Fox News play the GOP race from here? With its disproportionate influence on GOP primary voters, the cable network will play a major role of deciding if and when Mitt Romney is the de facto nominee. Ann Romney gives a shout out to “honorary buckeye” Donald Trump [via Twitter] Right on, Walter–FOX News is a critical player….I have doubts they will put their thumb on the scale–risk alienating too many of their viewers… Ann Romney is talking up the female vote tonight. “Women care about jobs,” she says [via Twitter] I’m asking BEFORE he speaks–does Romney have anything fresh and/or on point to say tonight? In other news – Dennis Kucinich currently leads in his primary fight with fellow Democratic Rep. Marcy Kaptur in the redistricted Cuyahoga County. -http://vote.sos.state.oh.us/pls/enrpublic/f?p=130:15:0 Jeff — I am not suggesting that Fox News will put its thumb on the scale. But in an ambiguous situation (is the race in its mopping-up phase or is Romney beatable?), I wonder what the prevailing judgment call will be from major on-air figures at Fox. the detailed Ohio map on Yahoo has Santorum winning most districts with 33.8% of votes in. Time to call this one. On Fox – This election is great for them, yet a disaster. The good news is 4 more years to complain about Obama most likely. Mitt Romney: We’ve won three states and counting… Talks up the delegate race tonight [via Twitter] Why are the networks showing Ann? Should only come on when it time for Mitt to talk/ Zach — In a normal year, there actually would be national attention to the bizarro Dennis Kucinich (“Department of Peace) versus Marcy Kaptur (almost Ross Perot’s running mate in 1996) bake-off. Jeff: Romney’s insistence on delivering the same speech at every one of these pretty much weekly elections is really a marvel. RT @adamnagourney: Romney is giving a concession speech and a victory speech at the same time! How limber! [via Twitter] Exits show 5% of Ohio electorate Dems, and they supported Santorum by 22. If he wins by 1 point… [via Twitter] Romney is giving shout outs to real people he’s met on trail in his speech. I wrote about this strategy last month http://yhoo.it/wOoxG3 [via Twitter] MT @hollybdc: Romney is giving shout outs to real people he’s met on trail. I wrote about this strategy last month http://yhoo.it/wOoxG3 [via Twitter] As a primary night speaker, Romney has the range of a famous Pirate first baseman Dick Stuart. Stuart’s range at first base was so bad that he was nicknamed both Doctor Strangeglove and the Ancient Mariner, because he stopeth one in three. “Hey folks, this is the part of the act where I impress you and stir your heart-strings by reciting ‘America the Beautiful’ from memory!” Chris – its true. Romney speeches are unwaveringly similar. True on the stump and primary nights. Examples here from Spinners & Winnershttp://news.yahoo.com/blogs/power-players-abc-news/tale-two-stump-speeches-two-very-different-candidates-030722942.html This is not where Romney wanted to be on Super Tuesday when he kicked this thing off, but he’s moved to “acceptance” [via Twitter] RT @BuzzFeedBen: Ohio hands at Romney party say they don’t expect to know OH for sure til 11 or 1130 [via Twitter] I saw Romney tell a joke in a diner once – I can’t remember the whole thing… but the punchline was – “there’s no plates like chrome for the holidays.” Hmmm.. Romney stepped on a line he’s given countless times. Also, if anyone hears an original line, please let us know. I’ve STILL yet to hear a chant in this race that involves a multi-syllable word zbyron: That falls in the long tradition of presidential-candidate “Dad humor.” John Kerry was particularly guilty of that sort of thing. Nobody has really given a stemwinder tonight. If we’re doing the three bears, they’re all too cold. Like this, j? I don’t know many of the very poor, but I have friends who are very-poor owners. Repeating the Alternative Minimum Tax is certainly the stirring primary-night rhetoric that we have all been craving. Most of the votes have yet to come in from Cleveland, Columbus or Cincinnati… population centers that should favor Romney. I blame the Obama administration’s long entanglement with health care, Sara, leading it to continually trumpet its looming “pivot toward jobs” I believe the Romney campaign has nailed down the three word-three syllable chant. The nytimes.com map of Ohio uses blue for Romney and red for Santorum, and it really looks like a general election results map. Yes RT @samyoungman: Super Tuesday feeling like New Year’s Eve and Prom. All hype and ultimately anti-climactic [via Twitter] Continuing his streak of doing poorly in states he won in 2008, Romney is down by a lot in North Dakota. Not to contradict the wisdom of Jeff Greenfield, but if Romney loses Ohio and North Dakota, all of a sudden this is a bad night for Mitt Romney, right? Yes! Let’s talk Alaska! With no evidence and only intution, I predict it is a bad state for Romney. Chris – This is a bad night from Romney no matter what. The fact he loses any states to Santorum should be troubling to the GOP. When Santorum surged in Michigan, pundits were ready to call in the White Knight for Romney if he lost there. Then he surged back in Ohio. But will the White Knight return if Romney loses Ohio? Chris — Already, what is good about tonight for Mitt? Everyone knew that he would harvest the bulk of the delegates tonight once Virginia’s ballot-access rules prevailed. All his knock-out punches (Tennessee and quite possibly Ohio) seem to have fallen short, as well as his vote in Georgia. Dammit, Walter. I should have thrown a boxing metaphor into my previous attempt at a unified field sentence of political cliches. But yes, Romney is, er, flailing. But surely Jeff is going to chime in and tell me I’m missing something crucial. Byron I think you meant Romney surged in MICHIGAN. But your point is key: if a Santorum win in Ohio (by1 -3 points!) is the big lead, you may hear such calls. If Romney wins, it will ebb. Irrational, I think, but that’s the world we live in. Yes Chris: a week if a lifetime in politics (and fruit flies) but turnout will be key. All eyes are on Romney, Jeff, as Santorum surges as a happy warrior, but with a little red meat, the race could still heat up. The real winner tonight is Obama….the proportional delegate allocation has guaranteed a long protracted nomination fight between two ideologically diverse candidates. It will be extraordinarily difficult for either one to get a focused message together in time to combat what has turned out to be a strong Obama advantage going into the general election Chuck Todd makes the intriguing point that Santorum usually out-performs the exit polls because his voters are disproportionately suspicious of the media. Romney advisers, who usually stick around to spin the press, are no where to be found at the rally [via Twitter] By the way, this might be the moment in the evening to point out that the candidate with the “Big Mo” (George Bush in 1980) lost the nomination fight. One other thought for the evening — talking with voters at polling places in Ohio, several of them mentioned Romney’s Mormon religion. Does this contribute to Mitt’s problems in the Deep South — and if so, how much? And how do you measure this kind of prejudice? The notion of a Santorum nomination depends on one of those “Black Swan” events–something that turns a disgruntled Republican uneasiness/acceptance of Romney into a ‘hell, no!” feeling. Even then, the “white knight” search for someone else is more likely than a major shift toward Santorum, barring his ability to step up and offer more focus, more discipline, more gravitas. (THERE’S the cliche you’re looking for, Chris!) I sense a game of “Win, Lose or Draw” about to break out on the livestream, George and Diane versus Amy and Walter. Historian as Bert Convy. But Walter, GHWB lost the big mo in New Hampshire, and lost it to Reagan. Isn’t this the biggest asset Mitt has–that there’s no alternative candidate to take advantage of his weakness? Amazing that Idaho, with 32 delegates, has more than half as many delegates as Ohio. Forgive me for stubbornness on this point — But I can easily imagine the search for the “White Knight” to pick up at some point unless Romney starts winning. I realize that Santorum would be an amazingly flawed candidate. I am honestly unsure if I am watching a nomination procedure, or an implosion. The GOP fault lines seem pretty clear: Romney, the business guy, Newt the red meat guy, Santorum, the culture war guy, and Paul, the libertarian guy. There seems to be no consensus and a deepening division. How would this “white knight” scenario work? It seems like any candidate that wins the favor of the Tea Party and other disgruntled parts of the Republican party is going to be too extreme for the more moderate members of the party, and vise-versa. Is there really a candidate that would be acceptable to a large enough majority of Republicans that they could sweep in and win enough delegates at this late date? The existing candidates aren’t just going to pack up and go home. the last brokered convention was ’52, when Democrats drafted Illinois Gov. Stevenson on teh strength of his welcoming speech (!!) because they did NOT want the maverick Sen. Kefauver, who had beaten Truman in the NH primary and was a loose cannon. Walter: Liz Goodwin had a good explainer about that at Yahoo News’ The Ticket:http://news.yahoo.com/blogs/ticket/super-tuesday-math-why-does-georgia-more-delegates-181151073.html Grax – the white knight, as i understand it, would be an establishment person that comes in and gets votes at the convention – someone we haven’t yet thought of – who comes in to save the party. It wouldn’t be a tea party person. I think the only ‘White Knight” they have is Jeb Bush, but he has that name problem But didn’t they not know who the nominee would be in ’76 heading into the convention? Chris — I think the reason why South Carolina has so few delegates is because, like all the early states, it was penalized half its delegates for jumping forward inbto January. You are correct, Walter! Now interpret this sentence: “These presidential delegates are counted by adding 4.5 to 6/10ths of the state’s total electoral vote in 2012.” Last week we looked at potential “white knights” – we were calling them “saviors” way back then… and chronicled when they had all said no, they didn’t want to run - http://abcnews.go.com/Politics/OTUS/republican-savior/story?id=15812306 Ron Paul got beat by just shy of 20 points in Virginia, but that has somehow become a win for him. Discuss. Zach — Ford had the delegate lead and, I think, the majority going into the 1976 Convention. Reagan’s challenge was based on breaking loose existing Ford delegates through gambits like naming Richard Schweicker as his running mate. Santorum aide tells me it was “totally random” the song “Devil Came Down to Georgia” played during Newt’s Georgia speech. [via Twitter] RT @Chris_Moody: Santorum aide tells me it was “totally random” the song “Devil Came Down to Georgia” played during Newt’s Georgia speech. [via Twitter] I believe them that it wasn’t intentional. Santorum’s campaign uses a random Pandora playlist. But it was hilarious timing. [via Twitter] Moody, I suspect Santorum would offer Gingrich a fiddle made of gold to get out of the race. And I suspect Gingrich would accept a Gold Fiddle…..especially if it came from Tiffany’s! As we grapple with the meaning of the Santorum semi-sweep tonight, all I can think about are all the 2016 dreamers who are already mapping out their plans to spend the next three years in Iowa. I think Santorum will now say he’s the “Heartland’s Candidate” and thump his heart a few more times. He’ll point out that Romney only wins in “liberal states” (not totally true, but the Mormon base in Nevada and Idaho also, subtly, be brought into the conversation). I see my discussion of the Charlie Daniels Band did not bring Walter and Jeff out of their seats the way Szechuan Gourmet did. Right – Walter, Santorum has given some real credence to the idea of Iowa momentum. Chris — My point really wasn’t to try to strike up 2016 speculation. It was rather — as Santorum may be in better shape tonight that he has been at any moment in this campaign — a tribute to his old-fashioned Iowa strategy which worked far better than probably even he dreamed. Zach — I cringe at the fact that in mid-December in Iowa, I actually asked Santgorum during a brief interview, “Do you ever get discouraged?” He said “no” — and, in hindsight, he was right. Santorum’s staying power in this campaign is truly remarkable, Walter. People keep expecting him to fade (after never rising for all of 2011), and he just doesn’t. Billin NC — I honestly don’t see why Newt should drop out. He has won two primaries and the nomination seems more unsettled right now that it did 24 hours ago. What is the rule that says that three candidates can’t compete for the nomination? I need to check, but I believe that Santorum got all of about three paragraphs in the first installment of the Politico e-book on the campaign. The Santorum and Gingrich campaigns must give hope to every politician in the wilderness. I’m trying to think of two more unlikely candidacies to be two of the last three in the field. They’re back to tied in percentage. Maybe this Santorum Ohio thing was just a two-hour interlude? okay I’m back, and am sorry to have not weighed in on Charlie Daniels.. (I lean more toward Flatt and Scruggs or maybe Homer and Jethro). Also, I am for the death penalty for 2016 discussions at this point. Seriously, Chris, I can think of no campaign season in history when the Conventional Wisdom has so taken it on the chin, time and time again. That said, I don’t see why the Democrats don’t nominate Mike Dukakis in 2016. Reading the double negative in the last post, I am remembering that I start the day interviewing voters at a fire-station polling place in Grove City, Ohio. RT @TheFix: Where we are: Santorum has won ND, OK, TN. Romney has won VA, VT, MA. Newt has won GA. OH, ID and AK uncalled. [via Twitter] Chris and Jeff — Moving behind the delegate math for tonight, could somebody please explain the weird loophole-primary rules that govern Illinois, the next big Midwestern state on the calendar (March 20). I think I understand them, but I am also petrified that I will sow confusion as I try to explain. Walter–you need to go to @FHQ–Josh Putnam–his site has an exhaustive explanation of all of this–he’s the go-to guy this year. I’ll look now and see… Chris and Jeff — What I think it means — and the wonderful FHQ-Josh Putnam site is sometimes hard to navigate — is that in Illinois delegates are on the ballot by name (and presumably presidential allegiance), but that there is no overall preference primary like in Ohio. But what I don’t know is if Santorum has the kind of serious delegate problems in Illinois that he had in Ohio and (yikes!) Virginia. So, in the crazy/silly way these things work, does Romney get billed as a winner tomorrow if he wins Ohio after looking like he would lose it? That was my earlier question Chris: How do you award a win in Ohio? Popular vote, or delegate count – which could easily turn out as a split Chris – I think Romney is billed as a winner tomorrow if he wins Ohio. Period. Chris, I think if Romney wins Ohio, the focus is on MItt the near-inevitable with Southern weakness (and a hint that Mormonism may matter) If he loses Ohio, the weakness becomes the lead, but with no alternative. My Szechuan food just arrived. (I wish!) But I agree with Zach that it all comes down to Ohio. Santorum a big winner with Ohio and Mitt a major loser. Without Santourm winning Ohio, Mitt had a mediocre night but the essential dynamics of the race haven’t changed. my lawyers will be in touch. I plan to sue Disney for punitive damages, pain and suffering. BTW what did Langer steal? Walter– does it really make sense that a 2 pt difference in a race where delegates are doled out proportionately make the difference between a great night and a disaster? Jeff – You have to factor in that Santorum isn’t eligible for a lot of delegates because he didn’t file the right paperwork. What historical candidates have won the majority of votes in so few states? Romney has only hit 50% in 3, Santorum 50% in 1. When will we get an awarded delegate count from tonight? Isn’t that the best metric for the race? Jeff — Of course not. But I thought that Romney should have been in more trouble last week because of the narrowness of his birth-state Michigan margin. But everyone played up the Mitt win. Now, if he loses Ohio by a similar margin, it is in a sense turn-about. And the media narrative ends up where it should have been last week. btw, Illinois votes directly for delegates whose name is on the ballot. It’s not a candidate by candidate delegate allocation. Jeff — One more wonky Illinois question: Did Santorum file a full slate of delegates? Which was, of course, before the direct election of senators, so the race was actually about getting a slate of state legislators elected in a district-by-district contest. Honestly, the way the delegates are portioned out to the states makes no sense…if a state is almost always Republican then it gets more than it should if it were merely to be based on population or congressional district. Crazy stuff. Do you guys think Santorum has any chance at all if he is elected Republican GOP and goes up against Barack Obama for presidency? Nate: Not a great chance, but anyone who is the Republican Party’s presidential nominee has a chance to be president of the United States. Guys – lets not forget that Rick Santorum was up by 10 percent in opinion polls in Ohio last week. Zach — You could do the counter-argument as well. Santorum survived the ad-wars pummeling by Romney in Ohio an awful lot better than Gingrich did in Florida. Walter – that’s true. And Santorum had a similar turnaround just before Michigan. The longer Santorum clings to the lead in Ohio, and the slower the vote from Cleveland gets counted, the closer newspapers get to printing “too close to call” on their front pages. Nate, I think that Chris is correct. Santorum has a good chance against Obama, just because he would be on the Republican ticket. RT @POLITICO2012: In Ohio, Romney 37.5%, Santorum 37.3%, Gingrich 14.8% via AP at 11:07 p.m. ET. 84.7% in. http://politi.co/3tci9N [via Twitter] Unpopular opinion alert… Republican delegates should be weighted towards states that vote Democrat all the time. If I”m trying to figure out who should be the Republican presidential nominee, I care way more about how well that guy does in Georgia, Tennessee or Alaska than I do about how he does in Massachusetts. Not many proportional electoral college votes. Massachusetts doesn’t matter for Republicans. Crumb’s comments prompt me to mention a serious newspaper front-page deadline screw-up in 1984. Because Mondale won the East Coast primaries, the newspaper with midnight deadlines called him the Big Super Tuesday winner. But when the votes from the Western primaries and caucuses came in, Gary Hart had, in fact, won the majority of delegates. But the media never caught up with the story. I know I’m betting a dead horse… but if Ohio’s margin i% or less, it’s a —-ing tie! If everyone says “well, the press will play it otherwise”, that’s pure mass delusion. I’d call it cognitive dissonance if I knew what the hell it meant. RT @mmurraypolitics: RT @mpoindc: NBC projects Mitt Romney as the winner of … the Idaho caucus. [via Twitter] Yes, at some point, Jeff, the truth must matter. Not just the spin. Right? Um, right? Matt, that idea about more GOP delegates to blue states is too smart for a political party to embrace. You would think so, Chris, but I never underestimate the opacity of political analysis. Jeff — Where would Santorum be right in this race if Iowa had initially been proclaimed a “tie” rather than a meaningless and erroneous Romney victory? But how close does something have to be to be a “tie.” Does Michigan count as a “tie” after you factor in Romney’s family connection and his financial advantages? It doesn’t take a genius to look at the returns still to come in (mostly urban counties around Cleveland and Cincinnati) and recognize that Romney is going to end up winning Ohio by a few thousand votes. Whether that counts as a victory in the great war of expectations is an entirely different matter . . . When will the votes from Alaska turn up? And who do you guys think will most likely win that one? What does it say about Romney’s campaign that he does strongest in urban areas that are going to be Democratic strongholds in the general? Santorum not coming out to speak to media again tonight, per campaign aides. [via Twitter] RT @Chris_Moody: Santorum not coming out to speak to media again tonight, per campaign aides. [via Twitter] Maybe the real story of the race is the Luck of the Romney. All the serious other establishment candidates like Jeb Bush and Mitch Daniels didn’t run. Then Romney is declared the winner of Iowa. Then he wins Michigan by just 30,000 votes. If he also pulls out Ohio by a few thousand, then the Republican should declare him as the GOP’s most electable candidate — since nothing in politics is more important than luck. Just ask Barack Obama. Walter, Jeff, the Great Counterfactual of this race is this: If Santorum gets the call in Iowa on Caucus Night, does he win South Carolina? And if so, then what? Lots of focus on super PAC stuff after Super Tues, but worth noting from news conf today, Romney did not rule out spending own $$ [via Twitter] Walter, I don’t think Santorum would have ben in a different place if Iowa had been declared a tie…he was the surprise rising star–which did him no good for weeks, what with Gingrich’s second rise. For me, a 1-2 pt spread in a non winner take all state is a tie,,, Over 900 delegates still need to be awarded. Why is the Nomination process so darn long? It should not take a year to pick a candidate. Good grief. Hey Walter, look I’m just saying, everyone who’s running has connections in their home state. Plus, you can’t be mad at Romney because the man made some smart investments. He hasn’t stolen anything, he got his funds fair and square. Keep that in mind. RT @ZekeJMiller: Romney up by 5,000 votes with 90 percent reporting [via Twitter] Yes, the might-have-beens on Santorum get a little tricky. He so floundered about New Hampshire in the week after Iowa that the glow was taken off his almost-victory. Maybe in Santorum had gone straight to South Carolina, it might have been different. But then he and Gingrich might have split more of the vote giving the state to Romney. Yikes, this is difficult to conceptualize in (Greenfield trademark alert) then-everything-changed fashion. Here’s @rsmccain and his pink camera committing acts of journalismhttp://instagr.am/p/H25P87gCMJ/ [via Twitter] They say its 3-3 Romney vs. Santorum, look at the states won by santorum, OK, ND, TN, Romney, VA, VT, MA much more formidable wins than Santorum. Oh yeah, Romney got his funds fair and square alright: by taking advantage of struggling companies and then firing thousands of Americans from their jobs, taking the money he saved from those no-longer-existing jobs and then storing them offshores AND then refusing to talk about them until pressured. Idaho with winner take all nets Romney way more delegates than MIchigan-Ohio wins (assuming he wins in Ohio) do. Just like Obama in ’08 getting more net delegates from Idaho and Kansas than Clinton got in Pennsylvania and Ohio. Terry Moran just said on our live digital show..if this race has been Mitt Romney vs Mitt Romney…tonight Mitt Romney lost. Red State’s Erickson, no friend of Romney’s, has apparently said on TV that he will be the nominee. Looking ahead to remaining March primaries/caucuses. KS, AL, HI, MS, PR, IL, MO (again), and LA seem to favor Santorum. Thoughts? Interesting observation on Ohio from Fox: Romney is winning in the areas where Republicans are likely to lose in the fall, and he’s losing in the areas they’re likely to win. Good question, fxplace: I’m not sue about Illinois, where voters choose delegates directly. But my guess is you will see a steady stream of GOP bigs publicly moving to Romney, which may eclipse smaller state contests. Empshel — true enough, but what does that mean? Obama did the same against Hillary Clinton, winning states like Kansas and Idaho while Clinton was winning New York and California. It’s WAY too early to call Idaho for Romney. Ada County has over 8000 people at the caucus on the Boise State campus, and 4000 in Canyon County. 1/4 of a percent? nah. RT @michaelpfalcone: For possible future reference: Ohio recount procedureshttp://codes.ohio.gov/orc/3515 [via Twitter] @Chris S- Once Romney becomes the nominee people will rally around him. People may not be happy about it, but it will happen since people care about making sure Obama is not reelected. RT @nprpolitics: 91% reporting in Ohio: Romney 37.6%, Santorum 37.1%, Gingrich 14.6%, Paul 9.4% [via Twitter] to guest: With the caveat that fate can play weird tricks on the political universe, this is likely the night that Romney’s “inevitability” argument clicked in for real. Friends — I have a problem of major proportions. The bar in my hotel is soon closing — and I have been doing this entire Live Blog without a martini. Will we still be going when I return to my computer in 20-30 minutes? Or should I just focus all my waning efforts on scheming to prevent Mitt Romney from ever again quoting aloud from “America the Beautiful”? Walter: We might still be here. It will depend on the vote-counters in Cleveland and the enthusiasm of the Yahoo audience, two things I can’t predict. Won the nomination? No. But he doesn’t need to win it at this point, he just needs not to lose it. Chris – Fair question because I think the implications could run either way. Does it mean that Romney will have difficulty in motivating the base in November or does it mean that he can count on the base under any circumstances and can depend on some crossover for the victory? I don’t know. I just thought it was an interesting observation. I would not necessarily count on southern evangelicals and hard-core Tea Partiers supporting Romney in the general. They may despise Obama, but at least some of them would prefer defeat over the compromise that Roney represents to them. Walt my friend, it takes you 20 minutes to drink a martini on Super Tuesday? It’s a holiday more like five Why is it a bad sig if Romney runs better in Democratic areas than GOP strongholds. I’d think ANY GOP nominee will win in places like TN, OK, etc–unless there’s a Mormon problem. RT @ZekeJMiller: NYT projecting Romney wins 17 delegates in OH, Santorum wins 9. [via Twitter] Prejudice is a LOT of the “Mormon problem”.. If you want to put it more analytically, it’s the belief among some that Mormonism is not a “real” Christian religion–or that it’s a cult. Interestingly, unease about Mormons is strong within the evangelical community AND among liberal Democrats–for different reasons, obviously. Worth noting that Harry Reid, the late Mo Udall, among others, are Mormons who do not fit the conservative image. I keep hearing that Rubio should be the VP. My problem with that is that it weakens the conservative voice in the Senate…could Jeb Bush help the Rep. nominee win Florida? Rick Perry and Jon Huntsman both have more votes in Ohio than the gap between Romney and Santorum If people do not vote for Romney because he is Mormon, i think Romney could do without those votes. i think this clearly shows how weak romney is with the conservative base. he has the modeate vote but thats all he has, john mccain had tha much going for him in 2008 I like Jeff Greenfield’s comments. I think I will declare him the top commentator for this evening (sorry guys :) Wafic, you were going to be my top reader commenter of the night, but you just blew it. Kucinich has lost his primary in Ohio…a Dem-on-Dem redistricting fight won by Marcy Kaptur.. Meanwhle in other Ohio news…the dream match up of Dennis Kucinich and Joe the Plumber is down the drain http://abcn.ws/wqkx05 Also – Jean Schmidt, a Republican who had clung to a key district since 2006, lost her primary. Also in Ohio…Rep. Jean Schmidt, a strong conservative, loses a primary to a Tea Party foe who attacked from the Right. Since Romney is leading in EVERY Ohio county that still has votes coming in, can they just go ahead and call it for him? Not that we won’t all be staying up waiting on pins and needles for Alaska . . . 16 Santorum supporters remain in the school cafeteria watching Ohio results. One is a child, who is asleep. [via Twitter] If only Walter were here, so I could ask him if this late-night primary will lead him to take back all the caucus insults he has hurled about over the past three months. charles – any time they’re at less than a percent difference, I think they get gunshy. Tomorrow’s Headline: Some Light Journalism Reveals Yahoo User “Wafic” Was Actually Jeff Greenfield’s Wife Walter will never take back the caucus insults. If it continues to be this close, I trust the Ohio state government to count votes a lot more than I trust, say, the Maine Republican Party That “guest” is highly suspicious. Could he be called “Chris” by any chance? Reading the back tweets, I am stunned that Jean Schmidt (who was Tea Party before Tea Party was cool) just lost a primary for not being conservative enough. That’s really like Bernie Sanders facing left-wing opposition in Vermont. The Ohio state government is less likely than a state GOP to declare a winner by 8 votes and then change their mind two weeks later? I’ll buy that. I bet even Rick Santorum would buy that. At least, Wolf Blitzer won’t be waking up some rural Iowa precinct captains at 3:00 am in Ohio. What I meant to say is that states are more competent to run elections than political parties staffed by volunteers. We seem to be cursed with ridiculously close contests this year, but I still trust states more than parties. If that’s really Wolf, I loved the phone call. I’m just lamenting that it was necessary. But even in primaries, Walter, there are problems. Michigan’s GOP, let’s not forget, changed their delegate allocation rules after the fact. You don’t want to be waking up people in this part of Ohio at 3:00 a.m. Although, I’d personally be glad to see Wolfe and invite him in for some intelligent conversation. Also — which goes back to Jeff’s and my obsession with ties in non-winner-take-all situations — some elections are just so close that the outcome is unknowable. I have read prominent statisticians who have said that the closeness of Florida in 2000 defies every counting method. (And, please understand, that I am not trying to open up a debate on hanging chads or the legal merits of the Supreme Court interevening). Shadowtrunks: Pretty clearly going to Romney, at least for now. Recount possible. If we can’t talk about Veepstakes, can we at least talk about what Dennis Kucinich is going to do now? Zach — You would bring up the Michigan example. Damn. At least, you can’t blame that on the state of Michigan for running the primary. If Dennis were an equally prominent Republican, Fox News would hire him as a consultant. This being real life, Dennis may have to go on the speaking circuit or find another state to run in. Maybe Kucinich and Jean Schmidt could run 3rd party (though one of them would have to move so as not to risk losing votes of their Ohio electors should they carry the state in November–a Constitutional (12th amendment) reference, for you CSPAN-9 fans). Chris — Even protest candidates (Ron Paul, please pick up the white courtesy phone) exceed their shelf life. I always thought that 2004 was Dennis Kucinich’s year. He just had about seven candidates who were better than he was. I’m going to call in Olivier Knox, our White House correspondent who has been filing all night on the latest updates for The Ticket, in from the bullpen. He’ll be joining us shortly. BTW, Walter, famed mathmetician John Alan Poulous (sp?) opined during the 2000 run off that the real victor would be impossible to know for sure. I refer to tis in my very fie book “Oh Waiter, One Order of Crow” (take that . Chris!) You know what the big mistake here tonight was — Ohio becoming the first thrifty state to align its presidential primary with primaries for other offices. As a result, the Kucinich and Schmidt primaries never got the attention they deserved. Folks, I am going to bid one and all farewell. I’m genuinely pleased to be starting a regular gig at Yahoo! News, which will last until Chris finds I have been plugging my books by spelling their titles in the first word of every line. Jeff — I have, at least, two of John Allan Poulos’s books. As well as, of course, the Morocco-bound Greenfield collection. Seriously, telling Democrats or Republicans that the 2000 outcome in Florida was unknowable is about the easiest way to get into a shouting match that I know. And I totally believe that he is right — our system cannot handle very, very close elections. I will hang around, Oliver, until I hear your insights/observations/wild guesses. Shapiro of Ohio is still up. Fortified by martinis, we are waiting for a few more Ohio returns. Jeff: My only observation is a vague sense of gratitude that Super Tuesday has given way to Remember-To-Buy-A-Powerball-Ticket Wednesday. Olivier – the current topic of conversation is what will Dennis Kucinich do now? Martinis are good, so long as they are real ones made with gin and vermouth. Everything else is copyright infringement. But I’m having trouble with the “wow is this bad for Romney” talk. I don’t think it’s vestigial Stockholm Syndrome. 98.9% reporting in Ohio Romney is up by 10k+ votes (.9%) I think its time to call Ohio for ROmney Zack: I just don’t see Kucinich giving up without fully exploring his options. Mr. Knox — You asked the most relevant question: A Plymouth martini with a twist straight up. On obscure gins, I rather like an American gin called Aviation. So, the real question of the night is who will win the crucial swing state of Alaska? No, no, no kev bucks. It’s “something something RON PAUL ! something something.” Supporters with Ron Paul REVOLUTION (with “EVOL” in red to spell “LOVE”) tattoos (arm, neck). Three measures of Gordon’s, one of vodka, half a measure of Kina Lillet. Shake it very well until it’s ice-cold, then add a large thin slice of lemon peel. A man’s Martini Biggest story of the night — the luck of a Romney. AP calling it for him is a signal that maybe we don’t have to stay up until 4:00 am. Another thought — if Santorum had just done a few more events every day and had vaguely emphasized his most important themes, then he would be the candidate 12,000 votes up. Olivier, when you came in from the bullpen, did you run, sit in a golf cart, or ride in a Trans Am? ‘trop: I never actually came in from the bullpen. I appeared all virtual-style, like CNN’s virtual convention. On the big themes of the night — I’m a little leery of the Lillet. It seems to be complicating perfection. But I’ve figured out what’s going on there: They’re making a play for the audience of the sadly defunct “Terra Nova” with a barrage of dinosaurs and computer graphics. I must admit, “G Guy” beat me in guessing the correct time. So to spite him I’m ignoring his gloating comments. Fox News — the network of record for true-believing Republicans — has still not called Ohio. And, as quickly as I arrived, I depart to go update our main story on RTBAPT Wednesday. Cheers to all! Actually, and alas for the people who were looking forward to an addled Olivier Knox, we have to send him back to work. Go update the Ticket! And the bullpen was empty. zbyron: As soon as “This Week” stops gathering questions on Twitter and Facebook… WOW, Walter hating Fox News. The highest rated cable news channel on TV. Where does Yahoo News rank in all that? LOL Jealous. Wow. it looks like Peyton Manning AND Dennis Kucinich both lost their jobs today. How many times have those two been mentioned in the same sentence? Though I suspect Peyton’s career in politics is more promising than Kucinich’s in the NFL. Oh, Sara. I was just referring to Republican voters’ affection for Fox News. My own allegiance is another matter. The key sentence of the night was just uttered on Fox News: “It ain’t over yet.” If Republican voters (and Fox News watchers) believe that the overall race is in doubt, it’s in doubt. Walter, it isn’t in doubt and really never was. News programs love news and they don’t want news to stop…..thus headline. This ain’t over I’m trying to figure out if there are even enough votes left in Ohio for Santorum to pick up 10k votes. Chris — Aren’t the Wyoming caucuses still underway? If I can cover Hawaii, you have no idea how late I’ll stay up. I was up until 6 a.m. updating a Competing Internet Portal on Election Day 2000. This is nothing. Of course, then I slept until noon. No such luck tomorrow. You mean the mass reciever of government goods and subsidies but huge complainers of government size? Yeah Alaska is perfect. Walter, I look forward to our investigation of the American-Chinese economic relationship on our Yahoo-funded tour next month of the Forbidden City. I know the word that I want to type is “Tahiti,” but even I can’t come up with a justification. Fox News just ran a clip of Romney saying tonight that “the unemployed are not just numbers on a spread sheet.” There is a political problem with Romney ever, ever referring to spreadsheets. From ABC’s D-Desk – With nearly all of the vote counted, ABC News can report that Romney has a lead of about one percentage point over Santorum in the Ohio primary. Even with 100% of precincts reporting tonight, there still will be an estimated 40 thousand votes outstanding. Therefore we are not projecting a winner, but we will characterize Romney as the apparent winner. We say this because of the outstanding vote, and because there still could be errors in the vote count. RT @DomenicoNBC: Zeleny lede: “Mitt Romney won the delegates, but not necessarily the argument.” http://bit.ly/zztMW9 [via Twitter] Seriously, I tip my hat to ABC News on this one. History has shown that it is far, far better to be cautious at moments like this. This might also be a good moment to point to the headline on GOP strategist Rich Galen’s online newsletter tonight: “Romney Won, But It Didn’t Feel Like It.” As good a summary as any. Team ABC – and by that I mean me – may be using this Ohio development as a way to transition from live blog mode to sleep blog mode. Having praised ABC for its caution, I can also chime in with plaudits for the idea of sleep. You are using an outdated version of Internet Explorer.  Please click here to  upgrade your browser in order to comment.