Nurse's family: 'We love you and will miss you forever' - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   

























Print
Email
More sharing














Nurse's family: 'We love you and will miss you forever'



By Laura Smith-Spark, CNN
updated 8:20 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012





Jacintha Saldanha's son, husband and daughter leave Westminster Cathedral in London after a service on December 15.


STORY HIGHLIGHTS


"We are shattered and there's an unfillable void in our lives," says daughter
Nurse's husband: "I feel a part of me has been ripped out"
Jacintha Saldanha is remembered in a Mass at Westminster Cathedral
Hospital chief executive says Saldanha was the victim of a "cruel trick" by radio DJs




(CNN) -- The family of a nurse who apparently hanged herself after taking a prank call regarding Prince William's pregnant wife Catherine spoke movingly Saturday of their grief at losing the "core of the family" who had surrounded them with love and laughter.
Speaking to reporters outside Westminster Cathedral, where a Mass was held to remember Jacintha Saldanha on Saturday morning, they described the "unfillable void" her tragic death had left in their lives.
It was the first time her husband, Benedict Barboza, and two teenaged children had spoken publicly of their loss since the nurse's death on 7 December.
"My wife, you were the light of my darkness, who always showed me the way forward," said Barboza.
Who was nurse Jacintha Saldanha?
"I feel a part of me has been ripped out. Without your beautiful smile and sparkling personality the house is an empty place to live."




Australian DJs break silence over prank 





Autopsy results in prank nurse death





UK media attacks Australian DJs





Radio network: 'Witch hunt' against DJs

The couple had been together for 19 years with a "strong bond of affection and understanding" that he would cherish forever, he said.
"Your loss is a very painful one and nobody can take that place in my life ever again. I love you and miss you forever," he said, breaking down in tears as he finished speaking.
The couple's son, Junal, spoke of his mother as a "kind, generous and well respected woman," who was the core of the family and had instilled the principles in her children that would guide them through life.
"You worked tirelessly to give us everything that we have today," he said.
Lisha, his younger sister, said they would miss their mother's laughter and the loving memories they share.
"We are shattered and there's an unfillable void in our lives. We love you, Mum. Sleep in peace and please watch over us until we meet again in Heaven. We will always love you and keep you close to our hearts."
Opinion: Prank call pitted 'the great' against the powerless
Saldanha's funeral will be held on Monday in Karnataka, southern India, the family said.
The nurse's death, three days after she took the hoax call from two Australian DJs who impersonated Prince Charles and Queen Elizabeth II, shocked people around the world.
A memorial fund to benefit her family has been set up by King Edward VII Hospital, where she worked.
Saldanha was found hanging from a wardrobe door at her hospital living quarters on December 7, a coroner's court heard Thursday. The court was told she left three notes, but the content of them was not disclosed.
Read more: Nurse death sparks outrage, casts glare on 'shock jocks'
The details around the circumstances of Saldanha's death emerged as an inquest -- a proceeding usually held in Britain when a death is sudden or unexplained -- was opened. It is due to reconvene in March.
Police are looking at e-mails and telephone records, the inquest heard, and will speak to Saldanha's friends and co-workers about what could have led to her death.
At this time there are no suspicious circumstances, Detective Chief Inspector James Harman said.
Saldanha's death triggered wide public anger against the radio station, Sydney-based 2Day FM, and the two DJS who made the hoax call early on December 4.
Believing it was genuine, Saldanha transferred the call to the ward treating Catherine for acute morning sickness, where another nurse gave details of her condition.
Friends in her native India have described her as a devout Catholic who was generous, dedicated and caring toward her patients.
The hospital released a letter late Friday sent by chief executive John Lofthouse to lawmaker Keith Vaz, who has been supporting the Saldanha family.
In it, Lofthouse spells out the guidelines given to staff for dealing with calls when a "high-profile patient" is being cared for -- and insists that Saldanha was given full support by the hospital.
"Part of our procedure is to take the name and number of the individual and call them back. This is in order to verify that the call is genuine. We also empower our staff to use their judgement," he wrote. "On this particular occasion, Jacintha believed that the call was genuine, and she felt it appropriate to put the call through. We stand by her judgement."
After the hoax call Saldanha was reassured a number of times by senior managers that she was not being blamed for anything, he said, "and there were no disciplinary issues involved, because she had been the victim of a cruel trick."
Read more: Australian prank call radio station boss calls nurse's death 'truly tragic'
Saldanha was also offered further support, including time off, the chance to return to her family home in Bristol or counseling, but declined to take it, he said.
"Jacintha said that she would prefer to continue working. Neither ourselves, her friends or family noticed anything to give cause for concern."
Lofthouse said he had been in touch with Saldanha's husband and that the family had now accepted the hospital's offer of support. The hospital will do all it can for the family "at this desperately sad time," he added.
The media network that owns the 2Day FM, Southern Cross Austereo, has also said it will donate a minimum of 500,000 Australian dollars (US$524,000) to a fund for the nurse's family.
Responding to reports of death threats against the DJs involved, Michael Christian and Mel Greig, Southern Cross Austereo said Friday that the safety of its employees was "an absolute priority."
"We have sensible measures in place, as we always do, to ensure our people are safe. This is now a matter for the police and we trust they will investigate any specific threats that emerge," a spokesman said.
The DJs made a heartfelt apology in TV interviews in Australia this week, saying they had meant no harm.

CNN's Susannah Palk and Jack Maddox contributed to this report.




0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Prank call tragedy


Who was nurse Jacintha Saldanha?

updated 11:19 AM EST, Wed December 12, 2012




As the family and media search for answers, a picture emerges of a generous, caring woman who was caught up in a media maelstrom.



Tearful DJs break silence, apologize

updated 5:43 AM EST, Tue December 11, 2012




Two DJs responsible for the prank call speak of their sorrow that a nurse caught up in the call apparently killed herself.



Nurse's sister speaks of tragic loss

updated 4:56 PM EST, Sat December 8, 2012




Two DJs are under fire after the death of a nurse who received a hoax phone call. CNN's Matthew Chance reports.



Opinion: 'The great' vs. the powerless

updated 5:43 AM EST, Tue December 11, 2012




In this whole tragic affair Jacintha Saldanha was truly powerless, Ross Stevenson writes, explaining why airing the call was wrong.



Death casts glare on 'shock jocks'

updated 5:42 AM EST, Tue December 11, 2012




The apparent suicide of Jacintha Saldanha has provoked outrage, sadness and demands for retribution in all corners of the media.



Radio network: 'Witch hunt' against DJs

updated 10:35 AM EST, Mon December 10, 2012




An Australian radio network defends its prank DJs, saying the media around the world has carried out a "witch hunt" against them.



Hospital slams prank call radio station

updated 5:44 AM EST, Tue December 11, 2012




The hospital where a nurse committed suicide after being duped by a hoax condemned the station responsible in a strongly worded letter.



Radio boss: Nurse's death 'truly tragic'

updated 5:44 AM EST, Tue December 11, 2012




The chairman of the Australian radio network has called the apparent suicide of one of the nurses duped by the prank "truly tragic."



Social media entwined in radio prank

updated 5:43 AM EST, Tue December 11, 2012




Many social media users were quick to point fingers at the two radio hosts who made the call and then promoted it on Facebook.



Prank call: DJs pretend to be the queen

updated 12:53 PM EST, Fri December 7, 2012




Two Australian radio DJs made a prank call to the hospital where the duchess is staying, claiming to be Queen Elizabeth II and her son, Prince Charles.







NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »


























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










