Egyptians vote on controversial constitution - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   

























Print
Email
More sharing














Egyptians vote on controversial constitution



By Ben Brumfield and Amir Ahmed, CNN
updated 8:06 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012





An Egyptian man casts his vote during a referendum on the new Egyptian constitution at a polling station on December 15, 2012 in Cairo, Egypt. 


STORY HIGHLIGHTS


President Mohamed Morsy voted early Saturday in Cairo
Opponents say the constitution restricts rights and empowers religious leaders
Supporters say the constitution prevents a return of the Mubarak era
The path to the referendum has been marred by clashes and power struggles




(CNN) -- Egyptians took to the polls Saturday to give their thumbs-up or thumbs-down to a controversial draft constitution that has had opposition protesters up in arms and on the streets for weeks.
The path to the referendum has been marred by violent incidents on both sides as well as extensive institutional and political power struggles, and President Mohamed Morsy and his allies have rushed the document to a popular vote.
Morsy, who himself has been the object of raucous mass opposition protests as well as mass demonstrations of support, cast his ballot early Saturday in the Cairo suburb of Heliopolis, according to state-run news agency MENA.
Read more: Egyptian opposition won't sit out vote
Sentiments about the national charter have been split down the same political lines of those who support the president and those who oppose him and have been equally as heated.
Those opposed to it feel it contains subtle wording that limits rights and gives too much political power to religious figures and institutions.




Egypt under pressure 





Egypt's constitution "guarantees rights"





Egypt rallies before constitutional vote





Egypt awaits new wave of protests

Many in the opposition called earlier for a boycott of the referendum, but most have swung around to urging citizens to turn out and vote "no."
Liberal oppositionist Mohamed ElBaradei -- better known globally than in his native Egypt due to his former role as head of the International Atomic Energy Agency -- is one of them.
"To every Egyptian -- male and female: Listen to the voice of reason and conscience. Vote 'no' in order to save Egypt and support the nation," he tweeted Saturday morning in Arabic to fellow Egyptians.
He later tweeted in English, "Adoption of divisive draft constitution that violates universal values & freedoms is a sure way to institutionalize instability & turmoil."
Former presidential candidate and prominent opposition leader Hamdeen Sabahy called for a "no" from his followers in a tweet Saturday: "We deserve a constitution that is worthy of the revolution and the dignity of its martyrs."
Read more: New voter rules announced ahead of Egypt referendum
Supporters of the draft constitution herald what they say is its protection of personal rights, especially its provisions on handling of detainees in the judicial system, which made capricious use of its powers under deposed autocratic president Hosni Mubarak.
Dr. Esam al-Erian, Morsy's adviser and deputy head of the Islamist Freedom and Justice Party said on his party's Facebook page: "Holding the referendum marks a new phase in Egypt's history. It ends hopes of those wishing for Mubarak's return."
Hassan el-Shafie, a senior cleric and member of the Constituent Assembly that drafted the constitution, called opposition to the document "purely political," saying the highest Islamic institution in the land "has made it ultimately clear that the country must be a modern democratic nation."
International rights group Human Rights Watch says the draft constitution "protects some rights but undermines others." It "fails to end military trials of civilians or to protect freedom of expression and religion," it said in a statement.
Read more: U.S. says Egypt opposition has 'legitimate concerns'
Egypt's Christian leaders have neither come out for or against the constitution, but instead encouraged believers to vote their own conscience.
Though election observers are officially allowed, rights organizations have criticized the lack of real monitoring possibilities, and well-known international observer teams have not announced their participation.
A group of 21 Egyptian human rights organizations accused the government body responsible for monitoring of bias and manipulation in a statement released Thursday.
"Currently, the NCHR (National Council for Human Rights) is attempting to monopolize civil society's efforts to monitor the referendum, despite the fact that the council lacks impartiality," the group wrote. They accuse the body of being stacked with Mosry supporters who participated in drafting the constitution.
The Carter Center, which has sent 140 witnesses to observe Egyptian elections in the past, declined to send a delegation to observe the referendum.
"The late release of regulations for accreditation of witnesses precludes the Center from conducting a comprehensive assessment of all aspects of the referendum process, consistent with its methodology for professional observation of elections," the center said in a statement Thursday.
Read more: Q & A: What's driving Egypt's unrest?
Other international organizations known for monitoring polls, the OECD and the United Nations, have not posted announcements they would participate.
Polling in the referendum is split between two days.
Over 6500 stations will welcome up to 26 million eligible voters in the first round of balloting, with the military and police working together to ensure security and proper procedure, MENA said.
Ten provinces, including the highly populous ones of Cairo and Alexandria, vote until 9:00 p.m. Saturday, MENA reported, after having opened at 8:00 a.m. Seventeen more provinces vote in a week on December 22, rounding out the referendum.
Long lines of voters cued up ahead of poll openings, and turnout has been high, the electoral commission said, leading it to extend voting by two hours. It was originally scheduled to end at 7 p.m. Polling has gone smoothly so far, according to the election commission.
The rocky road to the referendum began when judges threatened to shut down the assembly tasked with drafting the constitution. President Morsy then issued an edict in late November declaring all of his past and present decisions immune from judicial review until the holding of the constitutional referendum.
He also sacked the head of the judiciary. The judicial system has many in its ranks who are loyal to former autocratic President Hosni Mubarak.
The Islamist president's opposition saw the exceptional move as a grab for dictatorial powers and poured into the streets, converting Tahrir Square in central Cairo back into a the center of public discontent it had been during the uprising that brought down Mubarak.
The president has since dropped his provocative decree going forward, but the situation has remained tense, and violence has continued.
In response to violent clashes, Morsy has given the military the authority to make arrests during the electoral run-up.
Morsy's Islamist allies rushed the drafting of the constitution to completion, which some saw as a tactic to allow him to drop his controversial edict more quickly. Others feared it to be another grab for power. Non-Islamist assembly members quit the process, which served to increase suspicion against the Islamists.
The outcome of the election and the unrest associated with it are important to the stability of volatile North Africa and the Middle East -- where Egypt is a key player -- and the situation is being watched closely around the world.






0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Egypt


Q & A: What's driving Egypt's unrest?

updated 11:18 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




In scenes reminiscent of the mass demonstrations that brought about the downfall of former president in 2011, thousands of protestors have turned out in Cairo.



Morsy edict unifies opponents 

updated 11:39 AM EST, Mon November 26, 2012




Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy's decree giving himself new powers has unified opposition groups that fear any moves toward Islamic rule, critics say.



Op-ed: Don't blame Brotherhood 

updated 12:11 PM EST, Tue November 27, 2012




Morsy's decision to grant himself unquestioned authority was not the final phase in a Muslim Brotherhood plan to erect a holy autocracy, writes Tarek Masoud. 



On the ground in Tahrir Square

updated 9:18 PM EST, Tue November 27, 2012




Clashes between protesters and security forces build over Egyptian President Morsy's decrees. CNN's Reza Sayah reports. 



 Egypt's nighttime protests carry on 

updated 8:53 PM EST, Tue November 27, 2012




CNN's Reza Sayah goes into the heart of the evening crowd in Tahrir Square for a personal look at the anti-Morsy rally. 



Photos: Egyptians protest powers 

updated 10:01 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Activists have been camping out in Tahrir Square to protest what they consider overreaching powers for the president. 



Egypt pivotal' in Gaza cease-fire talks

updated 2:58 PM EST, Thu November 22, 2012




Morsy has won praise for his government's effort to bring about a cease-fire between Israel and Hamas.



Cairo protester: Why we demonstrate

updated 9:02 AM EST, Tue November 27, 2012




iReporter Ahmed Raafat tells CNN why he is protesting against Egyptian President Mohamed Morsy in Cairo. 



Share your story on iReport 





Are you in Egypt? Share your stories, videos and photos with the world on CNN iReport.







NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »


























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










