Japanese back at the booths for general election - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   

























Print
Email
More sharing














Japanese back at the booths for general election



By Hilary Whiteman, CNN
updated 3:41 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012





Shinzo Abe of the Liberal Democratic Party (L) is leading opinion polls ahead of incumbent Yoshihiko Noda (R).


STORY HIGHLIGHTS


Japanese voters head to the polls Sunday with polls predicting a LDP win
Liberal Democratic Party is led by Shinzo Abe, who is likely to be the next prime minister
Winner will be tasked with reviving the economy, making a decision over nuclear power
1,500 candidates seeking votes for 480 lower house seats




(CNN) -- On Sunday, Japanese voters will walk the well-worn path to the polls to vote in a general election that will give the country its seventh prime minister in six years.
If early opinion polls are correct, most voters will back the Liberal Democrat Party (LDP) led by Shinzo Abe, giving it another stab at power three years after it was unceremoniously dumped for the Democrat Party of Japan (DPJ).
Until then, the LDP had held onto power for around five decades. But now the challenges are greater and they start with a struggling economy, regional tensions and questions over Japan's role in Asia.
"Because the Liberal Democrats have been in power traditionally for quite a long time they're seen as more a competent governing party," said John Lee, an adjunct associate professor at the Center for International Security Studies at Sydney University.
"The day-to-day business of the current party is seen as pretty dismal."




Tsunami victims on Japan's election 





Candidates vie for Japanese votes 





New elections in Japan





Japan's nuclear dilemma

Read more: Shinzo Abe 2.0:China's economic hope?
Abe is contesting Sunday's election against incumbent Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda who dissolved the lower house in late November, as part of a deal to win opposition support for a financial bill.
Noda's DPJ is expected to receive a pounding after disappointing the electorate during its three years in power.
Back in 2009, hopes were high that the party could reverse the rigor mortis that had taken hold of the country's economy. Then in March 2011, a monstrous earthquake and tsunami swamped large regions of the country's north, adding a hefty reconstruction bill to the government's growing debt.
Figures out Friday show business confidence is sliding as the high yen restricts export earnings and worried consumers curb their spending. It follows figures released last week showing the country has slipped into recession.
The leading contenders in Japan's national election started their 12-day campaign in Fukushima, the coastal prefecture that became the focal of last year's disaster after a nuclear plant was crippled, causing the world's worst nuclear disaster since Chernobyl in 1986.
The devastated landscape is a reflection of the economic woes that successive Japanese leaders have tried and failed to contend with for years; a shrinking economy that's not longer competitive on the world stage, in close proximity to a rising economic powerhouse, China.
Read more: Back to the future in Japan
In his first official campaign speech in Fukushima City, Abe focused on economic arguments, saying he will act to counter deflation, weaken the yen and promote economic stability.
"We'll regain economic power in Japan," he said.
He's promising to tackle deflation, calling for monetary easing by the Bank of Japan to achieve an inflation rate of 2%. Abe also wants the BoJ to buy government bonds to fund a range of public works to stimulate the economy.
"He wants to effectively throw credit at the economy again which a lot of economists say will just deepen Japan's problems and deepen Japan's debt. But Abe's priority is to reverse deflation which is obviously a crippling phenomenon in the Japanese economy," Lee said.
Read more: Could 'Abe trade' be justified?
Since assuming power in September 2011, Noda has struggled to contend with the country's economic struggles. His deal-making over a financial bill effectively ended his term, forcing him to dissolve the lower house in exchange for opposition support.
He seized on a popular backlash against nuclear energy after the Fukushima meltdown and promised to phase out nuclear power by 2040. However, Noda faced fierce resistance to his plan to raise government revenue by doubling the 5% sales tax by October 2015. Now that's done, Henry said Noda's likely successor is set to inherit a smoother ride.
"When you think about it, the consumption tax is through. All (Abe) has to do is put a budget together for next year which should not be that difficult. And if he can, then they have upper house elections in July, and it could be fairly smooth sailing for him for at least a year, maybe two.
The LDP and DPJ are not the only parties contesting the election. It's a crowded field of some 1,500 delegates competing for some 480 seats.
Just two weeks ago, early polls put the LDP in front, but predicted that it would have to form a coalition, most likely with traditional ally the New Komeito Party.
Not any more.
Support has been growing so that the LDP is now predicted to win enough seats for a majority.
Still, if Abe does win, Henry says he'll have to strike a conciliatory tone with political rivals
"Abe's job will be to ensure that the opposition parties do not actively oppose. Because then, the way things work in Japan, the opposition party will just threaten not to show up in the Diet and that will just put everything into paralysis," he said.






0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
CNN Recommends


Syrian refugee count far from truth

updated 7:15 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




The U.N. reports that half a million Syrians have registered as refugees, but a Red Cross worker says the true figure is far higher.



Syrian refugees on the run

updated 3:57 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




It's raining on the camp, and water is seeping into the unheated tents.



Will China head to the moon in 2013?

updated 10:35 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Tensions with the U.S., the push to clean corruption and plans to land on the moon are trends to watch next year, writes Kristie Lu Stout.



Photos: The women of Pakistan





Kaye Martindale and Geoff Brokate traveled through Pakistan for eight months photographing local women, including Malala Yousafzai.



Inside Syria's underground TV

updated 6:20 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Amid the constant chaos of flying bullets, a new underground television channel has become a must-see for residents of Aleppo, Syria.



One small step for Kim Jong Un

updated 5:05 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




North Korea's successful launch of a satellite is a major feat, but it is not a serious military threat to other nations, Joe Cirincione writes. 



The sound of life in a refugee camp

updated 7:05 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




CNN's Ivan Watson speaks with a Syrian violinist in exile in Turkey



Greeks escape austerity for farm living

updated 5:41 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Greece's financial crisis is causing some to escape the big cities and opt instead for rural living. CNN's Diana Magnay reports.



Cape Town takes on Tinseltown

updated 12:52 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




South Africa is becoming a major destination for Hollywood movie makers, including the smash hit "Chronicle, "Dredd" and "Safe House."



'Casablanca' piano set for auction

updated 5:24 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




If you love "Casablanca," here's your chance to play it again, and again, and again. One of the pianos featured in the 1942 film is for sale.



Corinthians: Craziest fans in the world?

updated 1:13 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Marcos Nunes swigs from his badly concealed bottle of red wine on a chilly street corner in the Japanese city of Nagoya before deciding the question was something between a joke and an insult. 



What was your best moment of 2012?





As 2012 draws to a close, many of us look back to our most memorable moments of the year. Send us picture that captures your 2012 highlight.












NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »


























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










