JaneDoh's channel - YouTube



























 






Sign in Upload Search 




 










Guide
              











 











Popular on YouTube







 











Music







 











Sports







 











Gaming







 











Education







 











Movies







 











TV Shows







 











News







 











Live







 











Spotlight










Channels for you




 











FreddieW (RocketJump)







 











Machinima







 











INDMUSIC







 











danisnotonfire







 











ACL Festival


















Browse channels










      Sign in now to see your channels and recommendations!
    

Sign In 























        Popular channels on YouTube
    

















 
      The Ellen DeGeneres Show
  



SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe  





















 
      Rooster Teeth
  
 
 



SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe  





















 
      Hola Soy German (video todos los viernes)
  



SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe  





















 
      RayWilliamJohnson
  
 
 



SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe  





















 
      JennaMarbles
  
 
 



SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe  





















 
      nigahiga
  
 
 



SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe  




















          jane-doh1.livejournal.com/
        












SubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 544 








                        Subscription preferences


                



Loading...








Loading...
    











Working...












 
      JaneDoh's channel
  











Home


Feed





Videos 


Discussion 


About 


 





















        Save our Seeker (Legend of the Seeker Season 3 campaign) E.S. Posthumus
      



          43,264
        
views
          3 years ago




            'Legend of the Seeker' is on HULU, HULU Plus, Netflix,﻿ Netflix Canada, iTunes, Amazon Instant﻿ View, and DVD Release. (Region 1, Region 2, and Region 4 DVDs)★Please join Seeker fans in attempting to get a Guinness World Record for the "Most Comments on a Facebook Post" in the hopes to attract attention to our cause of wanting more 'Legend of the Seeker'. :) ★(There's over 1.6 million comments already!!)► The thread to add your "Family Friendly" comments to is here:http://www.facebook.com/gro...► More information is on the Event Page:https://www.facebook.com/ev...► Please follow SaveOurSeeker on twitter for Campaign Updates:http://twitter.com/SaveOurS...Please support Legend of the Seeker to help ensure it is renewed for a third season!!!!Visit: http://www.legendoftheseeke... to join the forums. A great place to meet and converse with other Seekers, as well as take part in the latest season 3 campaign ideas.http://www.facebook.com/hom... (This group is constantly updated with new campaigns and ways you can help LotS be renewed for a 3rd season)The main thing at the moment is the letter writing campaigns. The fandom has organised it under the name 'The Journey Book Campaign' so that everyone is writing their letters to the same people at the same time for maximum impact. In the letters directed at ABC/Disney, you are requesting that they be willing to sell the show to another network. To the other networks, you are asking that they consider taking on the show and to contact ABC to discuss. Convince them that they can get good ratings and make money from the show if they advertise it properly! If you are new to the campaign, I recommend you start at this webpage, as it gives an overview of the campaign so far, as well as updating the stations that the fandom is writing to each week. http://forums.legendofthese.......Postcards for previous and ongoing campaigns are saved in this thread and can be printed out and sent with minimum effort!:http://forums.legendofthese... If you've been thinking of buying the DVDs or downloading the episodes from iTunes, now would be a VERY good time. Those sales numbers are looked at closely by studios. If purchasing the DVDs or Terry Goodkind's books, please do it via the link at SOS, as a percentage of sales will go to the season 3 campaign!:http://www.saveourseeker.co...(And before more people ask me: The song is Oraanu Pi, by E.S. posthumus. I credit all songs used in my fanvids at the end of each video)
          

Read more
          


          'Legend of the Seeker' is on HULU, HULU Plus, Netflix,﻿ Netflix Canada, iTunes, Amazon Instant﻿ View, and DVD Release. (Region 1, Region 2, and Region 4 DVDs)★Please join Seeker fans in attempting to get a Guinness World Record for the "Most Comments on a Facebook Post" in the hopes to attract attention to our cause of wanting more 'Legend of the Seeker'. :) ★(There's over 1.6 million comments already!!)► The thread to add your "Family Friendly" comments to is here:http://www.facebook.com/gro...► More information is on the Event Page:https://www.facebook.com/ev...► Please follow SaveOurSeeker on twitter for Campaign Updates:http://twitter.com/SaveOurS...Please support Legend of the Seeker to help ensure it is renewed for a third season!!!!Visit: http://www.legendoftheseeke... to join the forums. A great place to meet and converse with other Seekers, as well as take part in the latest season 3 campaign ideas.http://www.facebook.com/hom... (This group is constantly updated with new campaigns and ways you can help LotS be renewed for a 3rd season)The main thing at the moment is the letter writing campaigns. The fandom has organised it under the name 'The Journey Book Campaign' so that everyone is writing their letters to the same people at the same time for maximum impact. In the letters directed at ABC/Disney, you are requesting that they be willing to sell the show to another network. To the other networks, you are asking that they consider taking on the show and to contact ABC to discuss. Convince them that they can get good ratings and make money from the show if they advertise it properly! If you are new to the campaign, I recommend you start at this webpage, as it gives an overview of the campaign so far, as well as updating the stations that the fandom is writing to each week. http://forums.legendofthese.......Postcards for previous and ongoing campaigns are saved in this thread and can be printed out and sent with minimum effort!:http://forums.legendofthese... If you've been thinking of buying the DVDs or downloading the episodes from iTunes, now would be a VERY good time. Those sales numbers are looked at closely by studios. If purchasing the DVDs or Terry Goodkind's books, please do it via the link at SOS, as a percentage of sales will go to the season 3 campaign!:http://www.saveourseeker.co...(And before more people ask me: The song is Oraanu Pi, by E.S. posthumus. I credit all songs used in my fanvids at the end of each video)
          
Show less
          














Recent uploads

Play 






 









1:09
 






        Orphan Black: Faking Identity Tip 1
    



104 views

            2 months ago
        








 









0:51
 






        Legend of the Seeker Season 3 VOTE SMGOtv (you know you want to)
    



3,129 views

            4 months ago
        








 









2:05
 






        Once Upon A Time - Reluctant Saviour (Emma Swan)
    



595 views

            1 year ago
        








 









2:14
 






        Once Upon A Time - Secret (Snow White, Evil Queen)
    



515 views

            1 year ago
        








 









1:55
 






        Once Upon A Time - Numb (Emma/Graham/Regina, The Huntsman/The Evil Queen)
    



1,160 views

            1 year ago
        








 









5:09
 






        Once Upon A Time - I Will Find You (Snow/Charming, Mary Margaret/David)
    



451 views

            1 year ago
        








 









2:31
 






        Legend of the Seeker - Words of Wizdom
    



234 views

            1 year ago
        








 









1:19
 






        We'll Save You Seeker ( Sample of an original song by R33per)
    



1,154 views

            3 years ago
        








 









1:45
 






        Confessed Philes: Legend of the Seeker meets The X-Files
    



401 views

            3 years ago
        








 









1:25
 






        Legend of the Seeker - Harder To Breathe
    



19,870 views

            3 years ago
        








 









2:09
 






        Legend of the Seeker - The Redemption of Cara
    



3,585 views

            3 years ago
        








 









2:30
 






        Legend of the Seeker - Kahlan: The Head versus The Heart
    



6,990 views

            3 years ago
        








View all
            

                  30+ items
            




 

 







 

 
Language:
  
  English
 


 
Country:
  
  Worldwide
 


 
Safety:
  
Off
 


 
Help






Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press & Blogs
Copyright
Creators & Partners
Advertising
Developers
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback
Try something new!









Loading...











Working...








Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    




Sign in to add this to Watch Later
  






        Loading playlists...
    







Back




 





 
 
