Fertilizer Shows Its Deadly Side | WKAR



Jump to Navigation










Listen Live
On Air Now


Watch Video
TV Schedules
Shop WKAR
Support this station



 



WKAR
PBSNPR


 
 











Home


What's On TV


TV Schedules- ALL


WKAR-HD/23


WKAR Create


WKAR World




NewsRoom


NewsRoom - All




Local


90.5 Classical - Morning


90.5 Classical - Afternoon


90.5 Community Concerts


BackStage Pass


Current State


Dan Bayer Jazz Show


MSU Faculty Recital Series


MSU Today


Off the Record


Ondas en Espanol


QuizBusters


Radio Reader


SportsTalk


State of the State


What's New on WKAR




Families


PBS Kids!


PBS Kids GO!


Education Services


Education Connections


Kids' Club




Events Calendar


More


Contact Us


Events


Stay Tuned - Guide to Viewing/Listening


Help - Audio Streams


Help - TechNotes







 



Search form

Search 







 
 













In Our CommunityTICKETS: Wait Wait... Don't Tell Me! On the Big Screen!





You Are Invited!April 25 |Community Cinema: Wonder Women! The Untold Story of America's Superheroines





Give Now - Support WKAR in Your Community






 
 



Now Playing








 








 

Meet Current State





Mark Bashore
Host, Current State



Emanuele Berry
Host, Current State Weekend



Joe Linstroth
Producer, Current State





 

Most Active Stories

Off the Record | April 12, 2013
Allen (Al) Martin Jr. Joins WKAR as Sports Producer/Host
April 25 |Community Cinema: Wonder Women! The Untold Story of America's Superheroines
Michigan State students at forefront of online magazine publishing
The Truth About Exercise


 

Connect with Us

Find us on FacebookFollow us on Twitter

 


Donate Your Car

 


Join Our Email List

 

Podcasts & RSS Feeds



All ContentcloseNews podcastsUse iTunesUse a different playerRSS 
View all podcasts & RSS feeds 




 
 











			The Salt	  		


5:06				pm

Fri April 19, 2013


Fertilizer Shows Its Deadly Side


Share 


Tweet 



 


E-mail 

Comments 

Print 




By Daniel Charles 


Next imagePrevious imageEnlarge imageCredit © Peter Essick / National GeographicWorkers at a cooperative farm near Shanghai scatter fertilizer across fields of winter wheat. Image from the May issue of National Geographic magazine.Enlarge imageCredit © Peter Essick/National GeographicFertilizer runoff causes toxic algal blooms. This one covered a third of Lake Erie in 2011.




My first reaction when I heard details of this week's deadly fertilizer explosion in Texas was horror. My second thought was, "Maybe I shouldn't have pushed to change that headline." National Geographic magazine just published in its May issue my article about how nitrogen fertilizer has shaped our planet. The article, with Peter Essick's beautiful pictures, describes fertilizer's critical role in providing our food, but also its toll on water, air and wildlife. When the article went up online, the headline read, at first, "The Curse of Fertilizer." I didn't like it. It seemed only half of the story. I complained, and the headline soon changed to "A Mixed Blessing" — just as news broke that the West Fertilizer Co. plant had caught fire and exploded, destroying much of the small town of West, Texas. The blast killed at least a dozen people — including emergency workers who were trying to fight the fire — and injured more than 100 others. Investigators can't yet say for sure how the fire started or what exactly caused the later explosion. According to initial news reports, the plant mainly sold a kind of fertilizer called anhydrous ammonia. "Anhydrous," as farmers often call it, is the most concentrated form of nitrogen fertilizer; it's stored under pressure as a liquid, and it's nasty stuff, dangerous to touch or breathe, but it doesn't usually explode. Other local fertilizer dealers contacted by NPR, however, confirmed that West Fertilizer also sold another form of nitrogen: ammonium nitrate. In fact, the company reportedly told the Texas Department of State Health Services earlier this year that it was storing 270 tons of ammonium nitrate on site. Ammonium nitrate can explode. In fact, it's been used to make bombs. Timothy McVeigh combined it with fuel oil to blow up federal offices in Oklahoma City in 1995. So at the moment, it's the prime suspect in the West disaster. Some countries, including Germany and Ireland, have banned the use of this fertilizer unless it's mixed with other materials that make it less explosive. But the U.S. has resisted such steps. Farmers still like it: It's cheap, convenient, and in the small quantities that farmers handle, it's actually a lot less hazardous than anhydrous ammonia. And somehow or other, most farmers do need nitrogen. This is where we get back to the bigger story, the subject of my National Geographic article. Nitrogen, in whatever form, powers most of agriculture, whether it's in China or Iowa (both of which I visited while researching the article.) Through habit or necessity, we've come to depend on it. But there are costs. In the case of the West Fertilizer explosion, the damage is immediate and dramatic, but local. The environmental cost of nitrogen, meanwhile, is spread across entire continents and along hundreds of miles of shoreline. To quote the article: "Runaway nitrogen is suffocating wildlife in lakes and estuaries, contaminating groundwater and even warming the globe's climate." Is there any alternative? There certainly are ways to reduce the damage: applying fertilizer more effectively, planting vegetation that captures the excess, recycling animal manure and simply using less of the stuff. A long-running experiment at Michigan State University's W.K. Kellogg Biological Research Station, near Kalamazoo, shows how effective some of these measures can be. Researchers have been monitoring fields of corn, soybeans and wheat for 20 years. Even modest changes in management, says Michigan State's Philip Robertson, resulted in about a 30 percent drop in the amount of nitrogen released from these fields into the environment. Why don't all farmers do this? Many don't change their practices out of habit or because they don't personally pay for the environmental damage downstream. But farmers also don't want to take risks, especially when a wrong choice could mean losing the farm. Applying too much fertilizer often seems less risky than using too little. "Being a good steward," says Robertson, "currently has economic consequences that are unfair."Copyright 2013 NPR. To see more, visit http://www.npr.org/. 



View the discussion thread.



  

 
 
















WKAR Public Media

American Public Media
BBC
PRI
NPR
PBS




 
 







Watch Video

BackStage Pass
MSU Video
Off the Record
QuizBusters
TV Specials
WKAR Presents
WKAR TV Live WebCast

Michigan State University College of Communication Arts and Sciences


ONLY FROM WKAR

90.5 Classical - Morning
90.5 Classical - Afternoon
Current State
MSU Faculty Recital Series
SportsTalk
What's New on WKAR



Inside WKAR

About Us
Employment
Contact Us

MORE

Education Services
Interactive Video Services (IVS)
Radio Reading Service (RRS)

PROUD TO BE A PART OF

College of Communication Arts & Sciences
Michigan State University




 

Events Calendar







Apr
19


Live Music: All
MSU Jazz Spectacular: Swing Dance, Jazz Orchestra I, II , III

 At Demonstration Hall, 229 Demonstration Hall Rd.




Apr
20


Fairs & Festivals
Earth Day Extravaganza

 At Fenner Nature Center




Apr
20


Live Music: All
MSU Jazz Spectacular:  Essentially Ellington High School Jazz Band Competition

 At MSU Union




Apr
20


Community Events
Community Yard Sale, Book Sale and Plow Day

 At Heritage Park




Apr
20


Kids & Family
Meet Michigan Children's Book Author, Nancy Shaw

 At Eaton Intermediate School District






 
 









©2013 WKAR
Contact Us
Directions and Map
On-Air Staff
Employment
Public File
Privacy Policy




 
 









