Texas Fertilizer Explosion Recalls French Disaster - Businessweek






Bloomberg Businessweek


Go To Businessweek.com













Sign in with Facebook




Or use your Businessweek account


Email

Password
Forgot  password?


Remember me




Already a Bloomberg.com user?

Sign in with the same account.

Don't have an account?
Sign up.


Help! I can't access my account.







Bloomberg Businessweek

Global Economics























Global Economics


Companies & Industries


Politics & Policy


Technology


Markets & Finance


Innovation & Design


Lifestyle


Business Schools


Small Business


Video & Multimedia
















Photograph by Larry W. Smith/EPARemains of a fertilizer plant and other buildings and vehicles after the plant exploded in West, Texas

Policy
Texas Fertilizer Explosion Recalls French Disaster



By Carol Matlack





April 18, 2013


Facebook


Tweet


LinkedIn


Google Plus




Email






Related


Story
Canada Wonders Why Crude Oil Is Coming From Texas




Companies Mentioned



FP


Total SA



$35.54 EUR


0.26


0.73%





Market data is delayed at least 15 minutes.


Company Lookup



Go









The death and destruction caused by the explosion at a central Texas fertilizer factory was all too familiar to residents of Toulouse, France.
An explosion in September 2001 at a Toulouse factory that made fertilizer from ammonium nitrate—the same chemical used in the plant in Texas—left 31 people dead, injured more than 2,000, and caused over $3 billion in property damage.
More than a decade later, residents wonder why such a dangerous manufacturing process was ever permitted in a populated area—especially given ammonium nitrate’s deadly track record. “We think of ammonium nitrate fertilizer as a perfectly ordinary product,” says Stella Bisseuil, a local lawyer who represented victims and their families after the blast. “But at its base, it is an explosive.”
The chemical has caused some of the world’s worst human-made disasters, including the deadliest industrial accident in U.S. history, an April 1947 explosion in Texas City, Tex., that killed at least 581 people. In that case, fire detonated tons of ammonium nitrate fertilizer that was being loaded aboard ships in a harbor. Over the past decade, truck accidents involving ammonium nitrate fertilizer have killed a total of 57 people in Mexico, Romania, and Spain. The explosion of a train loaded with ammonium nitrate fertilizer in North Korea in 2004 is believed to have caused 161 deaths and 1,300 injuries.
The danger was underscored in 1995, when Timothy McVeigh used ammonium nitrate fertilizer in the bombing of the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, which killed 168 people. Since then, the U.S. government has placed more-stringent restrictions on the sale and purchase of ammonium nitrate fertilizer. Yet it continues to be produced in factories situated near homes, businesses, and public buildings, as was the case in the community of West, the site of Wednesday night’s explosion.
The Toulouse factory, owned by a subsidiary of oil major Total (FP) called AZF, wasn’t rebuilt after the 2001 blast, and in 2003, France passed a law requiring tougher regulation of ammonium nitrate fertilizer production. The law requires a “security perimeter” around factories handling the chemical, lawyer Bisseuil says. But, she says, the law isn’t being fully enforced. Many factories remain in populated areas, and authorities are reluctant to close them or demolish nearby homes, she says. “We can’t easily implement it.”



Matlack is a Paris correspondent for Bloomberg Businessweek. 



Facebook


Tweet


LinkedIn


Google Plus




Email




















From
(enter your email)



To
(enter up to 5 email addresses, separated by commas)



Notes



Max 250 characters















Feed



Most Popular




Read




Shared




Discussed







The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


To Boost Retirement Savings, Stop Giving Tax Breaks on 401(k)s


'Saturday Night Live' Nails the Gun Control Debate


This Is What Boston Looks Like Right Now


It Costs $333 Million to Shut Down Boston for a Day


Using Facial-Recognition Technology to Track Down the Boston Bombers (and Why Humans Are Still Better at It)


In Virginia's Fairfax County, Robbing Banks for the CIA


The Boston Bombers and the Decline of Al-Qaeda







It Costs $333 Million to Shut Down Boston for a Day


The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


In Virginia's Fairfax County, Robbing Banks for the CIA


To Boost Retirement Savings, Stop Giving Tax Breaks on 401(k)s


In Iceland, an App to Warn If Your Hookup Is a Relative


This Is What Boston Looks Like Right Now


VCs That Back Women Beat Those That Don't







Immigration Reform May Make Your Job Search Much Tougher


Saturday Night Live Nails the Gun Control Debate


The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


Gun-Control Setback: Senate Blocks Background-Check Plan


How Obama Wants to Change Student Loan Interest Rates


To Boost Retirement Savings, Stop Giving Tax Breaks on 401(k)s


The Glock Divorce Comes to America, Revealing New Details About the Gun-Maker


At Goldman, the Average Pay for 3 Months is $135,594













Ads by Google




















Elsewhere on Businessweek.com



Fix This/Water



VCs That Back Women Beat Those That Don't



Pepsi to America: Thank You for Snacking



Turkish Fashion Designers Make Muslim Style Chic



Who's Winning the Silicon Valley Talent Wars?



Why Morgan Stanley’s Job-Hunt Ban Was Doomed to Fail



What Angel Investing Looks Like Now



Why Cell Phone Networks Fail in Emergencies



Why Homegrown Terrorism Is Hard to Stop



Don't Hate Stanford Because It's Rich 



Meet the Bitcoin Millionaires



Best Undergraduate Business Schools 2013






Social


Follow us on Twitter


Join us on Facebook


Connect with us on LinkedIn


Subscribe to Bloomberg Businessweek


Bloomberg




Links

Our Company
Advertising
Careers
Content Licensing
Feedback
Custom Publishing
Manage Subscription


Mobile
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Reprints & Permissions
Sitemap
Terms of Use
[+] Rate This Page



Get Businessweek Delivered




Rupert Murdoch: The Escape Artist

Subscribe



©2013 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Made in NYC

Ad Choices





















blog comments powered by

Disqus

























