Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion Killed 13, Injured 200



Visit our Sister Station: WWGP 1050 AM Today’s Best Country
 
Stay Connected
  







 



Home
Listen Live
Local News
Music News
Calendar
Weather
Contests
About Us

Listening Area
Meet the DJs
Advertise


Contact Us

Jobs


WWGP







Home  /  National News  /  

Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion Killed 13, Injured 200

19 April 2013 

(WEST, Texas) — At least 13 people, including firefighters and emergency medical workers, were killed and about 200 more injured in the massive explosion and fire at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, according to officials.
The number of deaths and injuries could still grow as search and recovery efforts continue at the site of the plant, the Texas Department of Public Safety said.
The explosion rocked the rural Texas town Wednesday night, flattening buildings for blocks around the fertilizer plant. The cause of the explosion is still under investigation.
Of the individuals confirmed dead, five were volunteer firefighters, four were emergency medical technicians, and four were civilians, according to the mayor of West, Tommy Musko.
Crews have searched the plant, a nearby nursing home, and a nearby apartment building that were all severely damaged. All 144 people inside the nursing home made it out alive, according to mayor.
The individuals who were confirmed dead have been taken to the Dallas County Medical Examiner’s Office to be identified, the Department of Public Safety said.
Approximately 200 people were injured in the blasts and fire, including emergency personnel who first responded to the scene.
Crews have cleared 150 buildings that were wrecked in the explosion, and are working to clear an additional 25 homes. One EMS vehicle and three fire vehicles were also destroyed, the DPS said.
The fire and explosion just before 8 p.m. Wednesday at the West Fertilizer Plant prompted widespread evacuations and sent dozens of people to hospitals.
The explosion devastated the area that officials described as a highly-populated neighborhood.
“It ranges from broken windows to complete devastation,” Waco Police Department Sgt. William Swanton said at a news conference Thursday. “There are homes that are no longer homes.”
At some buildings, “walls were ripped off, roofs were peeled back,” the sergeant said.
“The apartment complex [near the plant] looks like it was a bombing site of an explosion — the kind that you seen in Baghdad,” Texas Attorney General Greg Abbot told reporters. “It was utterly destroyed.”
Unfortunately your browser does not support IFrames. 
 Watch More News Videos at ABC | Technology News | Celebrity News 
Copyright 2013 ABC News Radio

© ABC News Radio
 



Share This
Tweet

 

Recent posts in National News







Gunshots Erupt in Watertown Where Boston Bomb Suspect Vanished

 








Door-to-Door SWAT Search for Boston Bomb Suspect

 








Local Police 'Can't Stop Crying' over MIT Officer Slain in Shootout

 



 
 


 
  
  




  Local Sanford, NC News 


Storm wreaking havoc in the area



19th April 2013 


 




Small Business Expo postponed indefinitely



19th April 2013 


 




Broadway My Way on tap this weekend



19th April 2013 


 




Operation RELENTLESS continues



19th April 2013 


 




A tax increase may be on the way for city dwellers



18th April 2013 


 




Community is rising to the plight of the elderly



17th April 2013 


 




Another proposed shopping center on the books



17th April 2013 


 




3 or 4 alternate jurors need to be selected for the Mario McNeil trial



17th April 2013 


 




Economic incentives draft failed



15th April 2013 


 




Lee County almost back to normal after tornadoes two years ago April 16



15th April 2013 


 

   
  Like us on Facebook 


  Community CalendarClick to view our Community Calendar


Have an event? Email production@wfjaradio.comApr 27Northview/Deep River Baseball Opening Day  Music News 





Aerosmith's Tom Hamilton Looking for Band to Record New Album






 







John Cusack Up for Brian Wilson Role in Biopic






 







Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr Reunite over Dinner in LA






 







Ex-Animals Singer Eric Burdon Announces Tour Dates






 







Robert Plant Added to High Sierra Festival Lineup






 

  

 


 


 


 

 





Copyright © 2013 WWGP Broadcasting Corp. All rights reserved. Some photos courtesy of Donald Lee Pardue.












 

















