Burning passion - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    TV & Movies         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     More of Showbiz :   Gossip     TV & Movies     Music & Arts     Buy Tickets     Comics     Showbiz Pics     Blogs       Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          TV & Movies     
  Burning passion 'Crazy Love' revisits one of New York's most famous - and famously twisted - love stories     Wednesday, June 13, 2007, 11:18 AM                 Print            Print  Comment               Before things went bad, Burt Pugach wooed his ladylove Linda Riss at the Copacabana in the late 1950s.       Linda and Burt celebrate Burt's 80th birthday last month at Portofino's restaurant in Queens.       Pugach is escorted from prison after he slit his wrist in 1959.       Riss at a Bronx police station in the dark glasses she wears to this day.       How the Daily News covered the story back in the day: A haunting headline from Oct. 31, 1959.       New York's hometown newspaper announces the guilty verdict, July 15, 1961.     Spend some time with Burt and Linda Pugach in their cramped Queens apartment, and it's hard to believe their lives were fodder for one of the juiciest stories ever splashed across the front page of a New York City tabloid.
Not to mention the subject of "Crazy Love," a documentary that opens Friday about their less-than-storybook romance.
Despite Linda being almost completely blind, they seem to be a typically normal, elderly couple who have known each other for 50 years.
They bicker and banter constantly - though good-naturedly - and they perfectly complement each other's personalities.
The 80-year-old Burt, a former lawyer, is charming and talkative, with an impish, low-key sense of humor.
Linda, 10 years younger, is a feisty, stylish woman who enjoys needling her husband in a thick Bronx accent.
They may be in love, but there doesn't appear to be anything crazy about it - except it was Burt who hired the thugs that blinded Linda 48 years ago.
And not only did Linda eventually forgive Burt, she married him after he spent 14 years in prison for the crime.
Having their sordid, sensationalistic history dredged up again in "Crazy Love" after so many years has left the couple with decidedly mixed emotions.
"I could put my feelings in just a couple of words: Oh, what I caused," says Burt, who initially saw the documentary when it premiered at the Sundance Film Festival in January. "I went into a deep depression after I saw it - very deep. But [the film] was constructive. The story has [previously] been told in such a jaded way, this is the first time it humanizes us, and I'm not depicted as a monster."
"I feel like a vaudeville act that doesn't want to end," counters Linda, sitting next to Burt and wearing the ever-present oversized sunglasses that hide her eyes.
"There's just no end to this," she says. "I think it's truly amazing that anyone would even [still] be interested in this. It's such old hat."
But for "Crazy Love" director Dan Klores, the ongoing saga of the infamous couple is anything but old news. Like many New Yorkers who were around in 1959, "I read about them in the papers and their story resonated with me," says Klores.
Though he was just a boy, the Brooklyn-bred Klores was fascinated by the true-crime tale of Burton Pugach, a flashy, married Bronx lawyer who, in a fit of jealous rage, paid three thugs to attack his young, pretty girlfriend after she became engaged to another man.
The men threw lye in the eyes of Linda Riss, permanently impairing her vision and scarring her. Riss, then 22, had dumped Pugach after he repeatedly broke promises to divorce his wife.
"It's a story about all the elements I'm interested in - New York, love, loss, obsession, romance and sex," says Klores, who also directed the acclaimed 2005 boxing documentary "Ring of Fire: The Emile Griffith Story" and 2003's "The Boys of 2nd Street Park."
"But this is also a film about all the things we think about when we have our hearts broken, yet don't like to talk about," adds Klores.   
   1     2    Next Page     Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Bradley Cooper visits Boston bombing victim in hospital     2   Ann Curry's 'Today' ouster dubbed 'Operation Bambi' by execs     3   Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries reach divorce settlement     4   Ryan Lochte interview leaves TV anchors in fit of laughter     5   Justin Timberlake: Jimmy Fallon interrupted my wedding speech     6   Amanda Bynes slams 'ugly' ex Kid Cudi     7   Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber     8   Nick Lachey: Kim Kardashian used me to get famous     9   Katherine Webb quits ‘Splash’ due to injury     10   Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway          1   Ann Curry's 'Today' ouster dubbed 'Operation Bambi' by execs     2   Bradley Cooper visits Boston bombing victim in hospital     3   Justin Timberlake: Jimmy Fallon interrupted my wedding speech     4   Ryan Lochte interview leaves TV anchors in fit of laughter     5   Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries reach divorce settlement     6   Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      7   Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber     8   Amanda Bynes slams 'ugly' ex Kid Cudi     9   Jennifer Love Hewitt: My grandma calls me her 'little TV ho’       10   It's official! 'Dexter' to end after Season 8                  Editor's Picks    Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.      
  Entertainment Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   