BBC News - Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China






       

                Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help      bbc.co.uk navigation   News   Sport   Weather   Travel   Future   Autos   TV   Radio   More…         Search term:             




World







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia
Europe
Mid-East
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video


























19 April 2013
Last updated at 20:55 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China

Continue reading the main story Related Stories


History of deadly earthquakes


Quake anniversary marked in China


Rebuilding China's quake-hit zone



A strong earthquake has struck the western Chinese region of Sichuan.
The US Geological Survey (USGS) said the quake, which had a 6.6 magnitude, was centred 80km (50 miles) west of the town of Linqiong.
It said the tremor occurred at a depth of 12.3km (7.6 miles). It is not clear if there have been casualties.
The area is prone to tremors. An 8.0 magnitude earthquake in Sichuan province, in May 2008, killed nearly 90,000 people. 
The latest quake - initially reported as a 7.0 magnitude, and then at 6.9 - struck at 08:02 local time (01:02 BST), the USGS said.
It was felt 115km (71 miles) away in the provincial capital, Chengdu, according to China's state news agency Xinhua.




More on This Story


Related Stories



History of deadly earthquakes

12 AUGUST 2012,                                                
                                                WORLD



Quake anniversary marked in China

12 MAY 2011,                                                
                                                ASIA-PACIFIC



Rebuilding China's quake-hit zone

11 MAY 2009,                                                
                                                ASIA-PACIFIC






Related Internet links


US Geological Survey



The BBC is not responsible for the content of external Internet sites





Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More World stories
RSS




Boston bombs suspect 'in custody'

The teenage suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings has been taken into custody in a suburb of the city, police say.



Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro sworn in




Serbia and Kosovo in landmark accord












Top stories



Boston bombs suspect 'in custody'


Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect Live


Serbia and Kosovo in landmark accord


Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro sworn in


Texas explosion deaths rise to 14









Features & Analysis




Forgotten village 

The community in limbo, with no police, bank or doctor  	
				  




Pipe dreams

How is it possible to build a tunnel for large ships? 	
				  




BP's Deepwater Horizon, three years on

A new way to explore the story in video 	
				  




Day in pictures

Twenty-four hours of news photos from around the world 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Tributes to Floyd artist Thorgerson



2: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect



3: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



4: 'Most Earth-like' worlds detected



5: Tanzania's Maasai battle game hunters for grazing land



Read




1: Gunfire heard amid Boston manhunt



2: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



3: Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China



4: Profile: The Tsarnaev brothers 



5: Boston: Internet detectives get it wrong



6: Muslim Americans await the bomber's ID 



7: 'Raped' Delhi girl in critical state



8: Texas explosion deaths rise to 14



9: Boston bomb suspects: Maps of manhunt



10: In pictures: Boston manhunt



Video/Audio




1: Boston suspects' father speaks out Watch



2: Shots fired in Boston bomber manhunt Watch



3: Smart glasses and other tech news Watch



4: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect Watch



5: Suspect's uncle: 'Turn yourself in' Watch



6: Boston Muslims react to marathon bombs Watch



7: Who are the Boston attack suspects? Watch



8: US golfer falls into sinkhole Watch



9: 'Suspect is armed and dangerous' Watch



10: 'Bullet came through my wall' Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC



Scrubbing the skies 

Is capturing atmospheric carbon the most important thing we can do to save our planet? 















Programmes



Click Watch

Google reveals more about its smart glasses plus other tech news




















Services

 Mobile
 Connected TV
 News feeds
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
Media Action
Editorial Guidelines




    BBC links    Mobile siteTerms of UseAbout the BBC     Advertise With UsPrivacyBBC Help     Ad ChoicesCookiesAccessibility Help     Parental GuidanceContact Us       BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  








































    





