Ammonium Nitrate Was Present At West Explosion Site    | KERA News



Jump to Navigation










Listen Live
On Air Now


KERA Home
Radio
Television
Support this station



 



KERA

Part of the NPR digital network


 
 











Latest News


Government


Economy


Health/Science


Environment


Education


Arts


Commentary





 



Search form

Search 







 
 













The High FiveWhen Tragedy Hits, It's The Little Things That Keep Us Running - Like Bakeries And Kids





Texas NewsUPDATE: Cornyn Says 60 Unaccounted For, But May Be Staying With Loved Ones





Texas NewsKindness In #WestTexas: A Look At Relief On Instagram






 
 






 

Now Playing



Loading streams...




 

Podcasts & RSS Feeds



All ContentcloseNews podcastsUse iTunesUse a different playerRSS 
View all podcasts & RSS feeds 




 


Join Our Email List

 

Connect with Us

Find us on FacebookFollow us on Twitter

 

People





BJ Austin
Reporter



Sam Baker
Senior Editor and Morning Edition Host



Stephen Becker
Editor, Art&Seek



Anne Bothwell
Director, Art&Seek



Rick Holter
Vice President of News



Lyndsay Knecht
News Coordinator



Shelley Kofler
Managing Editor/Senior Reporter



Justin Martin
All Things Considered Host



Jerome Weeks
Producer-Reporter, Art&Seek



Jeff Whittington
Host and Senior Producer



Bill Zeeble
Reporter





 
 











			Texas News	  		


6:24				pm

Fri April 19, 2013


Ammonium Nitrate Was Present At West Explosion Site   


Share 


Tweet 



 


E-mail 

Comments 

Print 




By Shelley Kofler 


Enlarge imageCredit BJ Austin / KERA NewsThe ATF is taking a lead role in the investigation of the explosion at the West Fertilizer Company.  It set up a work station in a parking lot of St Mary's Catholic School. 




During a tour of West today, U.S. Sen. John Cornyn confirmed that ammonium nitrate was found at the site of the explosion.  It’s a fertilizer component also used to make bombs. The information comes as federal and state agencies arrive in West to investigate the cause of the tragedy.              Listen          Listen to the KERA story.      Floyd Wolf, like many of his neighbors, was surprised to learn the explosion that tore apart their community may have come from West Fertilizer.  After all, the company had been there for decades, sitting near their school and homes. “You know it had been there for 50 years,” said Wolf.  “You grew up with it so you didn’t think anything about it.” But residents are thinking about it now, especially as they learn more about the company compliance record and the nature of the chemicals kept on site. In 2006 the state required West Chemical and Fertilizer to get permits after investigating a complaint about odor at the plant.  That same year the EPA fined the company $2,300 for not having an updated risk management plan and for poor employee training records. Then last summer another federal agency-  the U.S. Hazardous Materials Safety Administration- fined West Fertilizer more than $5,000 for planning to transport anhydrous ammonia without following a security plan, and for having ammonia tanks that were not properly labeled. Speculation on the cause of the explosion initially focused on anhydrous ammonia, which is gas that becomes liquefied when stored under pressure.  UTA Chemistry Professor Sandy Dasgupta says it’s not usually explosive, but if a fire started near the anhydrous ammonia, the heat could have caused it to expand in the tank. “When the tank exceeds its containment temperature it would explode.  The gas would come out and mix with the fire then the ammonia would explode,” said Dasgupta. The newly confirmed presence of ammonium nitrate presents the possibility of an even bigger blast.  It’s very volatile if heated, and has been used as an oxidizing agent in homemade bombs like the one that killed more than 160 people outside an Oklahoma City courthouse, 18 years ago today.  “Ammonium nitrate can go off all on its own if it’s heated to the right temperature.  If you had a fire for some other reason and you had ammonium nitrate in it, it would be almost impossible to put out,” Dasgupta said. Professor Dasgupta says he doesn’t know exactly what happened in this case but he’s concerned about old plants that are grandfathered into populated locations, especially in small towns like West. “I wouldn’t want to have that plant in my residential area,” he said.  “That’s for sure.” He hopes the tragedy in West is a wake-up call for other communities to take a look at industrial sites that have just “always been there.”  




Tags: 

West
Explosion
ammonium nitrate
Prof. Sandy Dasgupta
West Fertilizer Co.


View the discussion thread.



  

 
 
















KERA News

American Public Media
BBC
PRI
NPR




 
 







News
Arts
Business
Government
Politics
Science
Sports
Business/Economy
Health/Science
Environment
Education
Arts & Culture
Texas News
Commentaries
Archive


KERA

KERA Home
Television
Radio
Art&Seek
Kids and Family
KERA E-Newsletter
KXT 91.7



Support KERA

Donate to KERA Television
Donate to KERA Radio
Volunteer at KERA
Corporate Support
Donate your Vehicle
Member Rewards



On Demand

Listen Live
Podcasts
Watch Video
KERA Mobile Apps




 
 









©2013 KERA News
About KERA
Privacy Policy
Community Discussion Rules
Contact




 
 








