'Thor: The Dark World' teaser poster released with Chris Hemsworth's hero bringing the thunder - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    TV & Movies         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     More of Showbiz :   Gossip     TV & Movies     Music & Arts     Buy Tickets     Comics     Showbiz Pics     Blogs       Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          TV & Movies     
  'Thor: The Dark World' teaser poster released with Chris Hemsworth's hero bringing the thunder In wake of 'The Avengers,' Marvel Studio's Norse diety pines for Natalie Portman's Jane Foster and faces the threat of Christopher Eccleston’s dark elf Malekith.     By   Ethan Sacks     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Friday, April 19, 2013, 4:28 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            MARVEL STUDIOS 
	Chris Hemsworth’s god of thunder drops the hammer in the teaser poster for Marvel Studio’s ‘Thor: The Dark World.’
    Related Stories   MTV Movie Awards 2013: 'The Avengers' takes Movie of the Year, Jamie Foxx honored with MTV Generation Award    'Captain America: The Winter Soldier' first photo released: Sequel to Marvel Studios super hero hit officially starts production   There's much to be thankful for at the movies in 2012, such as intelligent romantic comedies   The big-name cast of 'The Expendables 2' prompts our list of the greatest action movie stars       
	Marvel Studios is hoping lightning will strike twice.

	The first teaser poster for the upcoming “Thor: The Dark World,” the sequel to the 2011 box hit, hit the Internet with the force of a hammer Friday.
RELATED: WATCH: NEW EXTENDED ‘MAN OF STEEL’ TRAILER RELEASED
	The poster features actor Chris Hemsworth in full costumed, lightning-hurling glory and is a tip off that the second follow-up to last year’s “The Avengers” — after the upcoming “Iron Man 3” — is inching closer to theaters.

	“Thor: The Dark World,” directed by “Game of Thrones’” Alan Taylor, picks up in the aftermath of the foiled alien invasion in “The Avengers.” Thor returns to Asguard to face a new threat — Christopher Eccleston’s dark elf Malekith.
RELATED:  'CAPTAIN AMERICA: THE WINTER SOLDIER' FIRST PHOTO RELEASED
	Whoever is on the receiving end of a beating from Thor’s hammer Mjolnir, Hemsworth had to endure his own punishment filming the super hero epic.

	“They’re throwing you into trees and into the dirt and there’s no real safe way of doing that,” the Australian actor told the News last year before the release of “The Avengers.” “It’s pretty painful. I played football when I was younger, it’s an incredibly physical sport, you’re wacking each other, Australian football, but there’s an adrenaline that takes over and your body’s instincts kind of kick in and take care of things.

	“Whereas when it’s a set up scenario where you have to fly into a tree or crash into the ground, your body goes, ‘well, this is your choice and now you have to pay for it.’”

	“Thor: The Dark World,” which also features Tom Hiddleston, Anthony Hopkins, Idris Elba and Natalie Portman, hits theaters on Nov. 8.
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Bradley Cooper visits Boston bombing victim in hospital     2   Ann Curry's 'Today' ouster dubbed 'Operation Bambi' by execs     3   Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries reach divorce settlement     4   Ryan Lochte interview leaves TV anchors in fit of laughter     5   Justin Timberlake: Jimmy Fallon interrupted my wedding speech     6   Amanda Bynes slams 'ugly' ex Kid Cudi     7   Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber     8   Nick Lachey: Kim Kardashian used me to get famous     9   Katherine Webb quits ‘Splash’ due to injury     10   Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway          1   Ann Curry's 'Today' ouster dubbed 'Operation Bambi' by execs     2   Bradley Cooper visits Boston bombing victim in hospital     3   Justin Timberlake: Jimmy Fallon interrupted my wedding speech     4   Ryan Lochte interview leaves TV anchors in fit of laughter     5   Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries reach divorce settlement     6   Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      7   Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber     8   It's official! 'Dexter' to end after Season 8     9   Amanda Bynes slams 'ugly' ex Kid Cudi     10   Jennifer Love Hewitt: My grandma calls me her 'little TV ho’                    Editor's Picks    Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.      
  Entertainment Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   