Brad Pitt and family donate $1 million to Missouri hospital - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Gossip         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     More of Showbiz :   Gossip     TV & Movies     Music & Arts     Buy Tickets     Comics     Showbiz Pics     Blogs       Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Gossip     
  Brad Pitt and family donate $1 million to Missouri hospital     By   The Associated Press   Monday, June 15, 2009, 3:56 PM                 Print            Print             Rodriguez/Getty Brad Pitt with his parents and Angelina Jolie arrive at the premiere of  "The Curious Case Of Benjamin Button" on Decemeber 8, 2008.      SPRINGFIELD, Mo. -- Brad Pitt and his siblings have given $1 million to help a Missouri hospital open a new pediatric cancer center that will be named for their mother.  Pitt and his siblings' families, Doug and Lisa Pitt and Rob and Julie Neal, gave the money to St. John's Hospital in Springfield, Mo., on Saturday in honor of their mother's passion for children's issues.RELATED: HE DID WHAT?? BRAD PITT SPENDS $960K ON A PAINTING  The hospital is opening the Jane Pitt Pediatric Cancer Center this summer in the town where Pitt and his siblings grew up. The donation will pay to hire the only pediatric oncologist and hematologist in the southwest Missouri region.  RELATED: CLEAN PITS FOR PITTThe new center will make St. John's one of six affiliates of St. Jude's Children's Research in Memphis, Tenn., meaning the center will be able to participate St. Jude's clinic research trials.   
 Post a Comment » 
   Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Bradley Cooper visits Boston bombing victim in hospital     2   Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries reach divorce settlement     3   Justin Timberlake: Jimmy Fallon interrupted my wedding speech     4   Amanda Bynes slams 'ugly' ex Kid Cudi     5   Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber         1   Bradley Cooper visits Boston bombing victim in hospital     2   Justin Timberlake: Jimmy Fallon interrupted my wedding speech     3   Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      4   Kim Kardashian, Kris Humphries reach divorce settlement     5   Anne Frank's stepsister defends Justin Bieber                  Editor's Picks    Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.      
  Gossip Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   