
Debris, structural damage slow search for victims of West plant explosion | Dallasnews.com - News for Dallas, Texas - The Dallas Morning News








View dallasnews.com's mobile site








 




dallasnews
SportsDay
GuideLIVE
FD Luxe
neighborsgo





Shopping
Real Estate
Jobs
Autos
Classifieds
Obits







news





Forecast



Traffic















Community
Crime
Education
Investigations
State
Nation/World
Politics






SEARCH






dallasnews.com
Web Search
Shopping

Recipes
Member Submitted
Business Directory
Event Search




Web search powered byYAHOO!








 

 

Home
> News
> General News


April 17, 2013 08:28 PM CDT
April 19, 2013 09:09 AM CDT
Debris, structural damage slow search for victims of West plant explosion





Debris, structural damage slow search for victims of West plant explosion 

















By BRANDON FORMBY
and MATTHEW HAAG

BRANDON FORMBY
and MATTHEW HAAG
The Dallas Morning News

Staff Writers


Published: 17 April 2013 08:28 PM


Updated: 19 April 2013 09:09 AM








Related







Map: West, Texas, fertilizer plant










West blast follows years of agencies overlooking danger potential




Survivors of fertilizer plant blast in West share their stories 




Those who bravely fought blaze in West are among its victims 




Floyd: In West, tradition is a powerful source of strength




Interactive: West fertilizer plant before and after




How to help and to check on loved ones





Complete coverage: West fertilizer plant explosion





Dallas Fire-Rescue captain killed in West explosion was a 'real role model'




Officials knew in 2006 that tanks of ammonia were near school, homes




Editorial: Explosion in West only the latest test of our resilience




Tod Robberson: Explosion should make all towns question zoning decisions




Audio: Listen to the dispatch call right after the explosion 




Photos: Day after massive explosion in West, Texas













WEST — In this small, shattered town 80 miles south of Dallas, residents awaiting word on missing loved ones spent most of Thursday finding hope in not knowing for sure.But Thursday evening, officials finally laid out what they knew so far: that eight to 10 bodies had been recovered in the devastated areas around Wednesday’s horrific explosion at West Fertilizer Co. and that they expected to find about a half-dozen more inside the facility.Although the death toll remained uncertain, it’s a far smaller number than the 35 to 40 that West Mayor Tommy Muska had calculated earlier. “It’s very good news,” Muska told The Dallas Morning News. “I’m very relieved that it’s not that high.”But for many in West, a close-knit town of about 2,800 from which more than 160 people were taken to hospitals with injuries, other answers would have to wait. Many spent the day unsure whether their homes survived the sudden, devastating explosion, so powerful that it registered on seismographs hundreds of miles away.And determining the cause of the fire at West Fertilizer that triggered the explosion could take a while, more uncertainty for a town searching for answers.Muska’s fatality estimate included four EMS members, five volunteers with the West Fire Department, an off-duty Dallas fire captain who lived in West and two volunteers who had seen the fire and stopped to help.One resident of West Rest Haven, a nursing home across from the fertilizer company, died from injuries suffered in the explosion, according to the state agency that regulates nursing homes and David Moon, the home’s former board president and a co-owner.The rest, Muska guessed, were residents who lived within a few blocks of the fertilizer company. Their homes took the full impact of the explosion, with windows blown out, roofs ripped off, walls toppled, with some burning brightly into the night.Many homes and other buildings were said to be flattened. Through the day Thursday, search and rescue crews moved carefully from house to house near the site of the explosion, the buildings so fragile that they had to shore up damaged ceilings and walls before they could search for survivors.“It’s a very slow and methodical search,” Waco police Sgt. W. Patrick Swanton said Thursday morning. “There are some true heroes out there that aren’t police, that aren’t firefighters.”Condolences poured in from around the world, including from Pope Francis, along with help from around the state. President Barack Obama called Gov. Rick Perry to offer federal support, and the governor quickly declared McLennan County a disaster area as a preliminary step to receiving federal aid for cleanup and reconstruction.“We greatly appreciate his call and his gracious offer of his support, and very quick turnaround of the emergency declaration that will be forthcoming, and his offer of prayers,” Perry said of Obama.Later, Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst told CNN that the cause was still a mystery and could remain so for weeks.“Unless we know something else, right now it’s an industrial accident,” he said. “But we’re going to get to the bottom of this to find out what happened because we don’t want to see this ever happen again.”Search incompleteOfficials initially said there were no environmental concerns. But later, inspectors from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality and the federal Environmental Protection Agency tried to determine whether it was safe for rescuers to be on the site.Muska said the Texas Forest Service, which helped coordinate the search and rescue operation, told him late Thursday that crews had searched 80 percent of the devastated area of town, including a nursing home and a 50-unit apartment complex. The teams found the eight to 10 bodies in that search but hadn’t entered the fertilizer company building yet.Residents were eager to get back into their homes, to see if there was anything to salvage. The state’s U.S. senators, John Cornyn and Ted Cruz, planned to visit Friday to tour the damage and show support. But Sgt. Jason Reyes of the Texas Department of Public Safety said it was unclear when the affected area would be opened to residents.“It’s still a very volatile situation,” added McLennan County Chief Sheriff’s Deputy Matt Cawthon.In a town like West, almost everyone knows the missing and the presumed dead, among them, Joey Pustejovsky, West’s city secretary and a member of the volunteer fire department.“We have a mayor and we have Joey,” said resident Laura Bettge, who said she spent Thursday morning praying and crying. “He’s a friend to everybody, but he’s also our leader.“‘Secretary’ doesn’t really describe what he does,” she said. “We don’t have a city manager, so he kind of just helps run everything.”The only victim publicly identified Thursday was Capt. Kenny Harris of Dallas Fire-Rescue, a 52-year-old father of three grown sons who lived in West and had volunteered to help fight the fire.“He was one of the most genuine people I’ve ever met,” said Presley Hoffman, 18, who said she knew Harris’ son.At least two people with family members in the West Fire Department said they were told their loved ones were missing and presumed dead.But even in the most terrible hours West has ever known, residents banded together, helping one another get through that first night and the hard day that followed.Outpouring of helpHundreds of residents hauled cases of bottled water, bags of food and other supplies to the West Community Center. Volunteers said they were so inundated with supplies they had to open other drop-off locations at nearby schools and churches.“It’s been a nonstop flow of goods,” said Dwayne Young, a volunteer who guided traffic outside the community center.The Red Cross opened a shelter for displaced residents but quickly realized no one was waiting for help.“We really didn’t need it because they stayed with family and friends,” said Dan Halyburton, a public affairs volunteer with the Red Cross. “That says there’s something special about this community.”Volunteers from nearby towns, and some from as far away as Dallas, flooded into West early Thursday, eager to help in any way they could.“People from all over have been here,” said Derek Phipps, a Dallas insurance adjuster who arrived at dawn to volunteer. “They don’t even know where to go. They just drove into town.”Asked what survivors needed most when they arrived at the community center, Phipps smiled sadly.“Right now, they just need a hug,” he said. “Everybody is stone-faced and in shock. So we try to smile, give them a hug, ask how we can help.”Members of San Antonio’s fire department helped put up an inflatable medical tent at the community center, and chaplains and traumatic stress counselors waited around at the library Thursday afternoon, but families weren’t coming in as they had expected.“I’d say there are more people here to help than in the town, I’d guess,” said Chuck Bridge, a member of the Austin Disaster Relief Network. “It’s just unusual, but it’s early yet.”Perry, who grew up in an even smaller community, said, “This tragedy has most likely touched every family, has touched practically everyone in that town.”Along the edges of the blast area, the people of West were beginning to put things in order again. Shop owners cleaned up the broken glass. School officials started sorting out the challenges ahead, with their intermediate school largely destroyed.West is the sort of town where people pitch in, said Wesley Adcock, who had been delivering concrete for a road project south of town when he heard the explosion.He ended up ferrying three residents from the nursing home to the hospital in Waco, one on each trip.The third asked a special favor. When Adcock got back to town, she said, maybe he could go to her room and pick up her Bible, her prayer book and her bingo winnings and bring them to her.West, he said, is the kind of place where people do things like that, where helping neighbors comes naturally.“That’s what this town is all about,” Adcock said.Staff writers Matthew Watkins, Eva-Marie Ayala, Tristan Hallman, Robert T. Garrett, Karen Brooks Harper, Christy Hoppe, Todd J. Gillman and Michael E. Young contributed to this report. Brandon Formby reported from West and Matthew Haag from Dallas.bformby@dallasnews.commhaag@dallasnews.com 







Corrections and Clarifications 



Did you see something wrong in this story, or something missing? Let us know.










Top Picks









Things To Do



5 quirky D-FW events this weekend: Ostrich races, a butter sculpture, a tamale-eating championship










Food & Drink



Summer in review: 12 notable openings in D-FW










Fitness



Work out like a champ — namely, this physician and marathon winner










Whatever blog



Beer belly: carbs turn Texas man's stomach into a brewery







Comments
To post a comment, log into your chosen social network and then add your comment below. Your comments are subject to our Terms of Service and the privacy policy and terms of service of your social network. If you do not want to comment with a social network, please consider writing a letter to the editor.







Copyright 2011 The Dallas Morning News. All rights reserve. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.



 













General News Stories 










Texas environmental agency approves Lake Ralph Hall permit









10 things to know for Wednesday









Obama, new Iranian president support resumption of nuclear talks






Dallas 911







Crime 



Crime News






Suspect in Old East Dallas double-homicide is arrested in Louisiana






Crime Blog





Suspect in Dallas-area double homicide arrested after barricading himself in Louisiana home


Grand jury subpoena issued for judge who held Dallas County DA Craig Watkins in contempt





Video 




Things To Do 







Upcoming Events




Upcoming Event Listings







Search

Add A Listing





Events
Restaurants
Movies
Venues








What
 
When



 






Where
 
Within



 
 Miles 











What
 
Price Range



 
Any$0-$14$15-$30$30-$50$50+





Where
 
Within



 
 Miles 










Movies
 
When



 






Where
 
Within



 
 Miles 










What
 




 
 





Where
 
Within



 
 Miles 









From GuideLive









Stay Connected 






















 MOBILE


Get dallasnews.com on your mobile device









 NEWSLETTERS


Subscribe to News Newsletters 


Subscribe to a variety of newsletters















FIND IT



Shop








Keyword: 
 







Newspaper Ads
 |
Special Sections
 |
Classifieds



Place an Ad
&nbsp|
Sign Up for Special Offers




Autos





















Used Cars
Make:

Model:

Your ZIP:









 






















New Cars
Make:

Model:


Your ZIP:
















Jobs






Keywords:







Location:











 Advanced Search














Classifieds/Place an Ad


 Place


 Shop/Buy



  Services/Notices



 Celebrations Browse | Place



  Sign Up for Special Offers



























Dallas Auto Sales
Dallas Banking
Dallas Beauty Care
Dallas Dentists
Dallas Florists
Dallas Insurance
Dallas Lawyers
Dallas Movers
Dallas Physicians
Dallas Restaurants
Dallas Real Estate




Discover and Review More Local Businesses »













 








Dallasnews.com

Home
Blogs
Business
eBooks
Entertainment
Investigations
Life
Local
Nation & World
Opinion
Sports
Traffic
Weather


Autos
Real estate
Jobs
Shopping
Classifieds
Business listings
Legal notices
Obituaries
Pets
Mobile Apps
---------
Site map



Advertising

View ads
Place a Classified ad
Media kit
Special sections


Subscriber Services

Home delivery
Pay bill
Vacation stop



Contact Us

Careers
News tips
2014 DMN Intern Program
Feedback/questions



Newspaper Archives


Celebrations


Submit a Celebration ad
View Celebration ads



Related Sites

AlDiaTX.com
FDLuxe.com
GuideLive.com
neighborsgo.com
eEdition
Parade
Pegasusnews.com
DentonRC.com
Local business listings
The Texas Wedding Guide
Design Guide Texas





©2013, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy



























Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).


















