Dozens of fake websites pop up after the Boston Marathon bombings to scam people trying to help victims - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  Dozens of fake websites pop up after the Boston Marathon bombings to scam people trying to help victims The names of the domains suggest people were trying to make money selling the URLs and worse, an expert says.      By   David Knowles     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Monday, April 15, 2013, 11:05 PM  Updated: Monday, April 15, 2013, 11:05 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            David L. Ryan/Boston Globe via Getty Images 
	A phony Twitter account pretended to donate $1 for every retweet. A person who was injured in an explosion near the finish line of the 117th Boston Marathon is taken away from the scene in a wheelchair. 
    Related Stories   Obama makes history with first presidential Tweet   Mysterious picture of man on roof during Boston Marathon bombing goes viral, prompts speculation    Surviving Boston Marathon bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev had time to tweet on the run   Twitter launches #music app to link fans with trending tunes        
	Some people simply have no shame.

	In the hours after the world learned of the horrific bombings at the Boston Marathon, many Internet domains were registered to apparently scam those would offer victims financial aid.
RELATED: BOSTON MARATHON TERROR BLAST KILLS 3, INJURES OVER 144 INCLUDING 8 KIDS
	With domain names like bostonexplosion.com, bostonmarathonvictimfund.com, and bostonrelief2013.com, more than 20 of the websites registered Monday appear geared at raising money, The Domains reported.

	“While we don’t know every registrants intention, we do know historically that many of the domain names registered immediately after were done to get traffic and make money parking domains or worse,” Michael Berkens, an editor at The Domains, wrote on the site.
RELATED: COFFEY: WORLD SHATTERED AGAIN AT BOSTON MARATHON

John Tlumacki/The Boston Globe via Getty Images 
The American Red Cross is accepting donations of money and blood. A man comforts a victim on the sidewalk at the scene of the first explosion near the finish line of the 117th Boston Marathon.  

	Within minutes of the bombs going off in Boston, a fake Twitter account appeared.

	“For every retweet we will donate $1.00 for the #BostonMarathon victims #PrayforBoston,” a tweet posted by @_BostonMarathon read.
RELATED: LUPICA: BOSTON MARATHON BOMBS SHOW THEY WANT US TO RUN SCARED
	The account had been designed to mimic the authentic @BostonMarathon feed, and after multiple complaints from users, Twitter shut down the fraudulent account hours later.

	Unfortunately, scams of this sort are all too common following traumatic events.

	“If you receive a phone call for Donations for the Boston Explosion, it’s a scam,” Blue Alert, an organization dedicated to the arrest of criminals who injure police officers, said in a Twitter message on Monday. “Donate to the Red Cross.”

The American Red Cross is accepting monetary and blood donations to aid victims of tragedies like the Boston bombings.  
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   Two children found living in storage unit         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Boston bombing suspects affect tone of immigration debate     As the Senate convened its first hearing on a bipartsan effort to give 11 million law-abiding undocumented immigrants a shot at citizenship, senators opposed to the bill invoked the mayhem apparently carried out by the ethnic Chechen siblings in Boston.     Harvey outduels Strasburg as Mets defeat Nationals     Friday night was all about Matt Harvey vs. Stephen Strasburg, two of the game’s brilliant young guns. The first must-see Mets game in quite some time – one that even had Doc Gooden making a rare appearance at Citi Field, one that inspired him to tweet, “Nothing like an old school pitching duel.”     Boston Marathon bombings manhunt: A timeline     One cop is dead and another is wounded as police hunt suspects wanted for the Boston Marathon bombings. One suspect is dead; another is on the run. The entire Boston metro area is on lockdown.      Senator lied to mom of shooting vic about backing gun laws     One of the U.S. senators who voted against gun control legislation Wednesday lied to a heartbroken mother whose son was killed in the Aurora, Colo., movie massacre, she says.     Pettitte keeps new-look Blue Jays off balance in Yanks' 9-4 win     Andy Pettitte's back seemed just fine Friday night. Brandon Morrow and the Blue Jays, on the other hand, might be feeling some neck stiffness after watching one ball after another leave the yard.     Richards records first career hat trick as Rangers rout Oilers     Brad Richards has struggled mightily this season, and just three days prior he looked like a broken man in a losing locker room in Philadelphia. But on Friday, he picked up his first hat trick in 12 NHL seasons as the Rangers scored eight goals for the first time since Nov. 14, 2010, against the Edmonton Oilers.     Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.           News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   