 Texas fertilizer plant explosion: no government watchdog visits since 2007 | World news | guardian.co.uk 







Turn autoplay off
Turn autoplay on


Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off




Jump to content [s]
Jump to comments [c]
Jump to site navigation [0]
Jump to search [4]
Terms and conditions [8]




Edition: US

UK







Your activity
Email subscriptions
Account details
Linked services



Profile


Mobile



		
	        About us
    


About us


Contact us


Press office


Terms of service


Privacy policy







		
	        Subscribe
    


Guardian iPhone


iPad edition


Kindle


Guardian Weekly


Digital edition















The Guardian
UK and World news
User comments







News


US


World


Sports


Comment


Culture


Business


Money


Environment


Science


Travel


Tech


Media


Life & style


Data







News




World news




Texas fertiliser plant explosion









Texas fertilizer plant explosion: no government watchdog visits since 2007
Expert says Occupational Safety & Health Administration, which last visited West in 1985, is 'undermanned and overloaded'






Share




Tweet this








Email







Matt Williams in New York	


guardian.co.uk,
				            Friday 19 April 2013 16.17 EDT




Jump to comments (…)





Searchers in protective suits walk through the blast zone of the fertilizer plant that exploded in West, Texas. Photograph: Zuma/Rex Features


Inspectors from safety and regulatory bodies have arrived at the site of the fatal fertilizer plant blast in West, Texas, but records show that the most important watchdogs had not visited in the past five years.According to data from the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality (TCEQ) and the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA), the last documented visit to the West Fertilizer Company occurred in late 2007, as a follow-up to a complaint of an odour coming from the plant. The Occupational Safety & Health Administration (OSHA) – a body tasked with making sure America's 7 million workplaces are safe for employees – has not made a site visit since 1985.An industrial chemicals expert with 35 years' experience in the field told the Guardian that the lack of inspections was to expected, given that OSHA was severely "undermanned and overloaded".On the occasions that the West Fertilizer Company was inspected, safety violations were identified. The TCEQ said the factory was required to have two permits – the first for two 12,000-gallon anhydrous ammonia storage tanks, and the second for the loading and storage of dry fertilizer materials.But because the plant was built in 1962 – prior to state and federal requirements regarding air contaminants – it was exempted from having to have these permits until 2004. It was only in 2006, two years after its so-called "grandfathering" had elapsed, that regulatory bodies stepped in. Following a complaint from a member of the public in June 2006, regarding odour coming from the site, inspectors noticed that the plant's grandfather exemption had lapsed, and issued a notice of violation. The West Fertilizer Company applied for the relevant air permit in December 2006.In the same year, the EPA fined the factory for a number of deficiencies regarding its risk-management programme (RMP). Inspectors found that not only had the company neglected to update its plan in a timely fashion, it had also failed to document how it intended to address safety concerns. A fine of $2,300 was imposed.Since 2006, no complaint had been made against the factory to the two bodies and it complied with requirements to submit a new RMP in 2011. But between 2006 and 2013 there were no inspections by either the EPA or the TCEQ.The OSHA – the federal body tasked with making sure that working conditions comply with safety standards – has not visited the fertilizer factory for 28 years, despite the potentially hazardous nature of the chemicals stored there. On that visit, in 1985, it identified one serious and two other violations. The company was fined just $30.Last year, the US Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration, which regulates the transportation of hazardous material, fined West Fertilizer $10,000, for failings that included planning to transport anhydrous ammonia without adequate security. The company agreed to take corrective action and paid a reduced fine of $5,250.Bob Johnson, a recently retired industrial chemist who spent 35 years working for ICI and its subsidiaries, said he was not surprised by the lack of inspections. "In my experience, OSHA is overloaded and undermanned. They cannot cope, they cannot possibly do what they are supposed to do – they do not have the boys on the ground," he said.The OSHA covers 7 million worksites in the US but has just 2,000 inspectors nationwide. Under its current funding, it can only conduct 40,000 inspections every year.The sequester will hit the OSHA further. Under the automatic spending cuts – caused by a failure to reach compromise in Congress – the agency will have its budget cut by 8.2%, about $50m.










Sign up for guardian.co.uk today
guardian.co.uk today is our daily snapshot of the top news stories, sent to your inbox at 8am
Sign up for the daily email







Print this
Share
Contact us




Send to a friend





Sender's name



Recipient's email address





Your IP address will be logged







Share



				Short link for this page:
				http://gu.com/p/3f9mb




StumbleUpon
				



reddit
				



Tumblr
				



Digg
				



LinkedIn
				



Google Bookmarks
				



del.icio.us
				



livejournal
				



Facebook
				



Twitter
				








Contact us





											                           Report errors or inaccuracies: reader@guardian.co.uk


											Letters for publication should be sent to: letters@guardian.co.uk






					If you need help using the site: userhelp@guardian.co.uk


					Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000




Advertising guide


License/buy our content








Article history



About this article



Texas fertilizer plant explosion: no government watchdog visits since 2007
		   		    									This article was published on
							guardian.co.uk
							at 16.17 EDT on Friday 19 April 2013. 
					   	
						  							




World news


Texas fertiliser plant explosion ·															

Texas ·															

United States 

Environment
Science


Agriculture 





More on this story







 

 Texas explosion death toll reaches 14 as recovery operation winds down 

 Officials hopeful that there may be no more fatalities from Wednesday's fertiliser plant blast 


 

 West, Texas: traumatised town reels from fertiliser plant explosion 



 

 Fertilizer plant explosion punctuates timeless calm of West-comma-Texas 



 

 Man has near misses with Boston bomb and Texas explosion 



 

 Texas explosion: fertiliser plant treated as crime scene after up to 15 die 



 

 Texas explosion devastates tight-knit town: 'It was like the whole earth shook' 



 

 Texas explosion: many casualties feared from fertiliser plant blast 



Multimedia







 

 Texas fertiliser plant explosion devastates town of West, near Waco – video 

 Amateur footage shows the moment a fireball rips through the town of West, near Waco in Texas, after an explosion at a fertiliser plant


 


 Moment of explosion near Waco, Texas - video 



 


 Texas fertiliser plant explosion - interactive 



 


 Texas fertilizer plant explosion - in pictures 



 

 Fertilizer explosions listed and US facilities mapped 










Share




Tweet this








Email






















Comments

Click here to join the discussion.
We can't load the discussion on guardian.co.uk because you don't have JavaScript enabled.















Guardian US on Twitter


The latest news and comment from our team of reporters, writers and editors in the US
Auto update every minute On | Off




byHeatherLong: I finally find myself tearing up from this tragic week. Thinking of poet Sappho line, "what cannot be said will get wept" #Boston #Texas
about 3 minutes ago



byHeatherLong: Glad to hear President #Obama mention #Texas and its victims as well tonight. That's arguably the more preventable tragedy
about 10 minutes ago



karenmcveigh1: MT @blakehounshell:FBI explainer on “public safety exception” to Miranda http://t.co/wbGCYTtXGs
about 13 minutes ago



• Follow our US team on a Twitter list






		
	        Today's best video
    








The Guardian Film Show


											                        
                                    			Our critics review Olympus Has Fallen, Love is all You Need  (above), Evil Dead and Fuck for Forest
		







What's in my cocaine?


											                        
                                    			How potentially toxic substances are used by drug dealers to 'cut' cocaine
		






Boston Marathon bombing suspects


											                        
                                    			FBI video of two men sought in connection with Monday's terrorist attack
		






New Zealand parliament breaks into song after legalising gay marriage


											                        
                                    			Music follows vote for same-sex marriage
		










On the Guardian today




World news
Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in custody alive – live updates



World news
Chechnya connections build picture of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev



World news
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev: Boston bombing suspect was 'a lovely, lovely kid'



World news
Tamerlan Tsarnaev – American life of dead Boston bombing suspect



World news
Boston Marathon bombing suspects - video



Technology
House passes Cispa cybersecurity bill despite warnings from White House












On World news





Most viewed


Latest




Last 24 hours



1. 
Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in custody alive – live updates


2. 
Chechnya connections build picture of Tamerlan and Dzhokhar Tsarnaev


3. 
Dzhokhar Tsarnaev: Boston bombing suspect was 'a lovely, lovely kid'


4. 
Tamerlan Tsarnaev – American life of dead Boston bombing suspect


5. 
Boston Marathon bombing suspects - video


More most viewed




Last 24 hours



1. 
Boston bomb suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev in custody alive – live updates


2. 
Earthquake hits China's Sichuan province


3. 
Pier Luigi Bersani resignation plunges Italian politics into further chaos


4. 
Texas explosion death toll reaches 14 as recovery operation winds down


5. 
West, Texas: traumatised town reels from fertiliser plant explosion


All today's stories












Sponsored feature























Top stories in this section










Top videos









Most popular









		
	        Today in pictures
    








BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures


											                        
                                    			Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London
		






Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot


											                        
                                    			A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them
		






Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures


											                        
                                    			Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia
		












 
		
	        Hot topics
    




Eurozone crisis


Libya


Syria


Gaza


US elections 2012







License/buy our content

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
Privacy policy

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
Terms of service

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
US Advertising

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
A - Z index

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
About guardiannews.com



© 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.









Share




Tweet this
































	
;



































