Five days of many firsts, four years still to come: Week 1 of Barack Obama's presidency - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Politics         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Politics     
  Five days of many firsts, four years still to come: Week 1 of Barack Obama's presidency      By   Larry Mcshane     / DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER    Saturday, January 24, 2009, 7:01 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            Courtesy of epa President Barack Obama meets with National Security Advisor James Jones (seated) on Wed. Jan. 21, 2009, his first day of getting down to business in the White House.     Related Stories   A nation ready to see history   Tensions underneath friendly meeting for Bush, Bam   President Obama's first four years have been defined by a less-than-fruitful struggle for the unity he aspired to as a candidate and by bold, risky decisions   State of the Union: Obama to Make Public Case for Agenda       Courtesy of epa  A new presidential photographer? Malia Obama (l.) snaps a photo of her dad as Sasha (c.) jumps before the inaugural balls on Jan. 20.     It was a week of history-making firsts for President Obama - along with one memorable second take.The nation's first black commander in chief settled comfortably into the White House after an inspiring inauguration before an unprecedented 2 million onlookers on the National Mall.PHOTOS: PRES. OBAMA, WEEK 1Obama spent his first 10 minutes alone in the Oval Office before shifting into work mode. He made his first presidential phone calls, signed his first executive orders, delivered his first follow-through on a campaign promise.And he took a second shot at the oath of office - just to be sure. Supreme Court Chief Justice John Roberts fumbled the initial try, misplacing the word "faithfully" as the world watched Tuesday.PHOTOS: PRESIDENT BARACK OBAMA: DAY ONE IN OFFICEObama's whirlwind first week began that morning as he stood on the steps of the U.S. Capitol for the groundbreaking swearing-in, one day after the nation celebrated Martin Luther King's birthday.Americans turned out in record numbers for an event that - as many of them said - they never believed possible in their lifetimes.RELATED: OBAMA BASHES FINANCIAL GIANTS FOR BLOWING BAILOUTThe new President then delivered an 18-minute inaugural address, urging America to get ready for the difficult task ahead."Starting today, we must pick ourselves up, dust ourselves off and begin again the work of remaking America," Obama said, his voice and intent clear.RELATED: ANALYZING OBAMA'S JOHN HANCOCKHours later, with Beyoncé covering the Etta James classic "At Last," the President looked into the eyes of new First Lady Michelle as they shared a first dance at one of the inaugural balls.There was also the first bit of bad news: The Dow dropped more than 300 points.RELATED: KNOCKOFF ARTISTS HAVE A BALL OVER MICHELLE'S GOWNThe new President showed no signs of an inaugural hangover, walking into the Oval Office at 8:35 a.m. Wednesday - his first full day on the job.He spent 10 minutes flying solo in his new digs, where former President George Bush had left behind a private message - "To: #44, From: #43."RELATED: CLINTON TAKES CHARGES AT STATE DEPT.And then he got down to business: making a round of phone calls to leaders in the Middle East, sitting down with Defense Secretary Robert Gates and top military officials.As a hedge against the day before's inaugural flub, Obama redid the 35-word oath of office.RELATED: SASHA, MALIA LOOK-ALIKE DOLLS: COINCIDENCE OR EXPLOITATION?"Are you ready to take the oath?" asked Roberts, this time for a much smaller crowd in the White House."I am," Obama replied. "And we're going to do it very slowly."RELATED: BAM TO CLOSE 'BLACK SITES,' GITMO PRISONIn the middle of his debut day, the President still managed to lead a White House tour for 200 guests. "Don't break anything," he warned with a smile.The next day, Obama erased eight years of Bush administration torture policy by placing the presidential signature on four executive orders.   
   1     2    Next Page     Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   Two children found living in storage unit         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                        Live: POTUS On Boston Bombing Suspects     President Obama is addressing the nation tonight about the manhunt for the Boston Marathon bombing suspects. Watch live here. 

	
	
		
			
				         Ignoring Critics, NY's John Catsimatidis Doubles Down On Boston-Based Mayoral Messaging     A day after taking heat from his GOP rivals, John Catsimatidis isn't backing away from bringing the ongoing violence in New England into the          Q Poll Tabs: Anthony Weiner #2 In Hypothetical NY Mayor Primary; Negs Still High     Here are your crosstabs for today's new Quinnipiac poll showing Anthony Weiner getting 15% of the vote to Christine Quinn's 23% in a hypothetical          Document Drop: NYC's Cross-County GOP Brawl     Another day, another round of throwdown for NYC Republicans.

The tumult over an alleged massive corruption scandal to squeeze Democratic state            Apr 19th, 11:44AM    Schumer: Don't link Boston case and immigration reform without facts     Sen. Chuck Schumer (D-N.Y.) snapped back Friday at immigration reform opponents tying the Boston area terror manhunt to the emerging immigration       Apr 18th, 1:56PM    Reid Pulls Gun Control Bill: Measure All But Dead     Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid, D-Nev., has pulled the remnants of President Obama's gun control package form the Senate floor.

The chamber's             Politics Video



   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   