Anhydrous ammonia fertilizer: abundant, important, hazardous - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost













Jobs
Real Estate
Rentals
Cars
Print Subscription
Today's Paper
Discussions
Going Out Guide
Personal Post
Videos




Home


Politics




In Politics


Congress


Courts & Law


The Fed Page


Health Care


Polling


White House


Washington in Transition


Md. Politics


Va. Politics


D.C. Politics







Blogs & Columns







	Shorthand

Post Politics

|  Rachel Weiner










	History lesson: the NRA’s ‘support’...

The Fact Checker

|  Glenn Kessler










	Gay Scouts may be ok

She The People

|  Diana Reese










	NRSC raises $3.2 million in March

The Fix

|  Sean Sullivan










Opinions




In Opinions


Toles Cartoons
			


Telnaes Animations


The Post's View


Left-Leaning


Right-Leaning


Local Opinions


Columnist Index







Featured Blogs







	Boy Scouts make progress on inclusion...

ComPost

|  Alexandra Petri










	Happy Hour Roundup

The Plum Line

|  Jonathan Bernstein










	PostScript: Krauthammer and updates...

PostPartisan

|  Rachel Manteuffel










	Sen. Lindsey Graham reacts to Boston...

Right Turn

|  Jennifer Rubin










Local




In Local


D.C.
			


Maryland
			


Virginia
			


Crime
			


Education
			


Obituaries
			


Transportation
			


Weather
			


The Root DC
			


Blogs & Columns
			







Blogs & Columns







	Tornado watch for Washington, D...

Capital Weather Gang

|  Jason Samenow










	D.C. marathoner plans Monday run...

Going Out Guide

|  Alex Baldinger










	Crime Scene changes coming

Crime Scene

|  Washington Post staff










Sports




In Sports



				Redskins/NFL
			



				Capitals/NHL
			


Wizards/NBA
			


Nationals/MLB
			



				D.C.
				United/Soccer



				Colleges
			


AllMetSports
			


Blogs & Columns
			


Forums
			


Other
				Sports







Blogs & Columns







	Backstrom participating in practice

Capitals Insider

|  Katie Carrera










	Ian Desmond plays matchmaker

DC Sports Bog

|  Sarah Kogod










	Send in your mail bag questions

The Insider

|  Mike Jones










	Zimmerman, Espinosa remain out

Nationals Journal

|  Adam Kilgore










National




In National


Energy &
				Environment


Health & Science
			


Education
			


National Security
			


Investigations


On Faith
			


On Leadership
			


Innovations
			


On Giving
			


Corrections









Blogs & Columns







	Can Silicon Valley reinvent customer...

Ideas@Innovations

|  Dominic Basulto










	Dealing with poor performers in...


 Tom Fox










	‘Combat evil with good’

Under God

|  Elizabeth Tenety










World




In World


Africa
			


The
				Americas


Asia &
				Pacific
			


Europe
			


Middle East
			


National Security
			


War Zones
			


Special Reports
			


Columns & Blogs









Blogs & Columns







	What the Kyrgyzstan connection...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










	9 questions about Chechnya you...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










	Chechen president: 'Seek the roots...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










	YouTube account that may belong...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










Business




In Business



				Economy
			


Industries


Local Business
			


Markets


Policy
				&
				Regulation


Technology
			


World
				Business


Capital Business


On Small Business
			


On I.T.
			









Blogs & Columns







	Pay a lower rate without refinancing

The Color of Money

|  Michelle Singletary










	The Circuit: Google makes push...

Post Tech

|  Hayley Tsukayama










	The best sentences we read today

Wonkblog

|  Brad Plumer










Tech




In Technology



				Policy
			


Gadget
				Reviews
			


Innovation
			


Green
				Technology
			


Photo
				Galleries
			







Blogs & Columns







	Donating to Boston victims? Check...


 Hayley Tsukayama










	The Circuit: Google makes push...

Post Tech

|  Hayley Tsukayama










Lifestyle




In Lifestyle


Advice
			


Carolyn Hax
			


Food
			


Home & Garden
			


Style
			


Travel
			


Weddings
			


Wellness
			


Magazine
			


KidsPost
			


On Parenting
			







Blogs & Columns







	"Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk"...

The Style Blog

|  Ron Charles










	The Scene: WPAS Auction and Gala

The Reliable Source

|  Rebecca D'Angelo










Entertainment




In Entertainment


Books


Comics
			


Going Out Guide


Horoscopes
			


Movies


Museums
			


Music
			


Puzzles & Games
			


Theater &
				Dance


TV
			







Blogs & Columns







	Of revivals and rebirths

Classical Beat

|  Anne Midgette










	Boston Marathon bombing hold TV...

The TV Column

|  Lisa de Moraes










	2013 Eisner Award noms: As a judge...

Comic Riffs

|  Michael Cavna










	D.C. marathoner plans Monday run...

Going Out Guide

|  Alex Baldinger










Jobs




In Jobs






More




Classifieds
Cars
Deals
Real Estate
Rentals
Photos




Shopping
Obituaries
Archives
Topics
Blogs













Health & Science
			










  



















PHOTOS | Boston under lockdown










Live blog: Latest on massive Boston manhunt










1 Boston suspect dead; Manhunt for 2nd










Miss. man arrested in ricin mailings
















In the News


Boston suspects


Dzhokhar Tsarnaev


Boy Scouts


‘Hannibal’


Al Neuharth




































???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/18/2013 20:22 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/2/13 8:22 EDT! currentDate:4/19/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!







PHOTOS | Boston under lockdown







Live blog: Latest on massive Boston manhunt







1 Boston suspect dead; Manhunt for 2nd












					The Senate betrayed me







Anhydrous ammonia fertilizer:  abundant, important, hazardous












						By  David Brown, 
Apr 19, 2013 12:22 AM EDT
The Washington Post









 Anhydrous ammonia, the substance that exploded catastrophically Wednesday at a company in West, Tex., near Waco has been used as a cheap, if somewhat hazardous, fertilizer since the 1940s.
The chemical provides nitrogen to growing plants. That element is an essential constituent of proteins, which are the workhorse compounds of cells. The trouble is that while nitrogen gas makes up more than three-quarters of the Earth’s atmosphere, most  living things can’t easily extract it from the air. They have to get it in a more accessible form. 






Graphic





Map of fertilizer facility explosion in West, Tex.







More health and science newsTexas town mourns victims, including first responders who rushed in



				 Ernesto Londoño and David Brown 
After explosion at fertilizer depot, “you can’t really blame anyone,” firefighter says.





After Texas explosion, a hunt for survivors amid blocks of rubble



				 Ernesto Londoño and David Brown 
“This tragedy has most likely hit every family,” in small Texas town, Gov. Rick Perry says.






As U.S. fertilizer industry grows, so do the risks

				 Brad Plumer 
The explosion at the storage depot in West, Texas, calls attention to a $10 billion industry.

















Anhydrous ammonia--one nitrogen and three hydrogen atoms, designated NH3--is a way of efficiently delivering the element to plants. It is injected directly into the ground by devices hauled behind tractors. About 30 percent of the “agricultural nitrogen” used in the United States comes in the form of anhydrous ammonia. More than 110 million tons of it are used around the world each year.The pungent chemical is the same one used in many household cleaners, except that it has been purified to contain no water (which is what “anhydrous” means). To remain in liquid form it must be stored under high pressure. White cylindrical tanks holding anhydrous ammonia are part of the  landscape of rural America.Ammonia burns, but not easily. It requires a high temperature (1204 degrees Fahrenheit) and the right ammonia-to-air-mixture (about 1-to-4) to catch fire. It’s not like propane or methane, which burn at lower temperatures and concentrations, making them far more dangerous.The hazards of anhydrous ammonia, however, aren’t small. Sprayed on skin or eyes, it causes severe burns. Inhaled as a gas, it can fatally damage the lungs. And stored in liquid form, it can explode under the right conditions.The explosions of liquids released from pressurized containers are called “boiling liquid expanding vapor explosions”, or BLEVEs. Perhaps the most famous one in modern times was the explosion of a tank of liquid propane during in a fire in Kingman, Arizona, on July 5, 1973. It killed 11 firefighters and one railroad worker. A BLEVE doesn’t have to be triggered by a fire, although it usually is. The rapid evaporation of a chemical when the pressure keeping it in liquid form is released causes an explosion in itself. When that is supplemented by the near-instantaneous burning of the vapor, the result can be catastrophic.Neal Langerman, a chemist with the San Diego-based consulting company called Advanced Chemical Safety, speculated the explosion in West happened this way:  Anhydrous ammonia tanks are never more than 85 percent filled with the liquid chemical. The other 15 percent of the space is taken up by ammonia in gas form. When the fire got to the tanks it heated the part of the tank over the gas bubble to the point where it melted. At that point, Langerman said, the gas would have escaped and been ignited by the fire, which was well over the 1204 F ignition temperature. The liquid ammonia in the tank would then have vaporized, escaped and caught fire too--all in the fraction of a second.“The explosive release of the ammonia--both gas and liquid--would have very quickly transitioned to an actual detonation,” said Langerman, who has also served as an official of the American Chemical Society.In fires that threaten stores of anhydrous ammonia the strategy is to spray water on the tanks to keep them cool enough so that the metal doesn’t melt. Rising pressure inside the tanks blows out relief valves, which allows the contents to vent and burn in a controlled way. All that, however, must be done from a safe distance.“What the standard says is:  You back off, up to a mile if necessary, and you only apply water remotely. You get your people out of there,” Langerman said.The three key questions at this point are:  Where did the fire start? Was West Fertilizer operating the depot according to standards? Did the firefighters recognize the particular risk of stored anhydrous ammonia?


















Reprints












Discussion Policy


				 | FAQ
			

				 | About Discussions
			


Loading...
Comments


Add your comment

 


 




Read what others are saying
About Badges












SuperFan Badge
SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.
More about badges | Request a badge


Culture Connoisseur Badge
Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.
More about badges | Request a badge


Fact Checker Badge
Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker.
More about badges | Request a badge


Washingtologist Badge
Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.
More about badges | Request a badge


Post Writer Badge
This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.


Post Forum Badge
Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.
More about badges | Request a badge


Weather Watcher Badge
Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts.
More about badges | Request a badge


World Watcher Badge
World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.
More about badges | Request a badge


Post Contributor Badge
This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.
More about badges | Request a badge


Post Recommended
Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.


You must be logged in to report a comment.
Sign in here


You must be logged in to recommend a comment.
Sign in here


Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
More about badgesGet a badge

To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.



Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.





Spam
Obscene
Duplicate
















 Facebook
 Twitter
 Reddit




StumbleUpon
 Digg
 Delicious






















Top national Stories


Most Popular Videos





















Second Boston bombing suspect taken into custody
Annie Gowen 
					


NBC pulls episode of serial killer drama ‘Hannibal’ in wake of Boston, Newtown violence
Associated Press 
					


Boston Marathon bomb suspect is captured, brother killed after all-day drama paralyzes city
Associated Press 
					




Al Neuharth, founder of USA Today, longtime Gannett chief has died in Florida at 89
Associated Press 
					


NBC pulls episode of serial killer drama ‘Hannibal’ in wake of Boston, Newtown violence
Associated Press 
					


A tale of 2 brothers: Details flow, but few answers emerge as to motive of Marathon suspects
Associated Press 
					




FBI takes computer from NJ home of ‘heartbroken,’ skeptical sister of Boston bombing suspects
Associated Press 
					


Muslim leaders: We stand against terrorism
Kevin Eckstrom| Religion News Service 
					


Woman accused of abusing her 10-year-old niece in Phoenix pleads guilty to child abuse
Associated Press 
					




Judge rules for Jim Thorpe’s 2 sons, clearing way for potential return of remains to Okla.
Associated Press 
					


A look at the bombing at the Boston Marathon and the search for suspects
Associated Press 
					


Law enforcement official: Bombing suspect in boat stored in Watertown, Mass., neighborhood
Associated Press 
					




Minnesota hospital believes missing remains from 2nd stillborn also likely sent to laundry
Associated Press 
					


Kepler telescope spots two planets in life-friendly orbit
Joel Achenbach 
					


Minnesota hospital believes missing remains from 2nd stillborn also likely sent to laundry
Associated Press 
					




Boston Marathon bombing: relentlessly unnerving
Joel Achenbach 
					


Fla. runner and race spectator both snap photos of Boston Marathon suspects in the crowd
Associated Press 
					


Skyscraper? Check. Giant joystick? Check. Game of Pong will be writ large in Philadelphia
Associated Press 
					




Florida runner snaps photo of Boston Marathon suspect walking away from scene
Associated Press 
					


Police: Boston bombing suspects spent night in Honda, used it to carjack Mercedes SUV
Associated Press 
					




























 







The Post Most: NationMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours



Most Popular

Second Boston bombing suspect taken into custody
NBC pulls episode of serial killer drama 'Hannibal' in wake of Boston, Newtown violence
Boston Marathon bomb suspect is captured, brother killed after all-day drama paralyzes city
Al Neuharth, founder of USA Today, longtime Gannett chief has died in Florida at 89
NBC pulls episode of serial killer drama 'Hannibal' in wake of Boston, Newtown violence




Top Videos

Raw video reportedly captures shootout with Boston suspects
Suspects' aunt wants more evidence, does not trust FBI
Boston police urging residents to leave offices, head home
Texas police: 12 bodies recovered from plant blast
Shots fired in Watertown, suspect hiding in boat




Top Galleries

Manhunt underway for suspect in Marathon bombings
Boston Marathon bombing suspects
Aftermath of the Boston Marathon attacks
Outer space, tweeting Earth
Fertilizer facility explodes in central Texas






Urban Jungle






See more from Urban Jungle







Today's Paper







Full Paper
Metro
Style
Sports

Today's print stories, with updates


National Newsletters
Sign-up for e-mail newsletters and alerts and get the news you need delivered directly to your inbox.
 




Economy & Business News Alerts
Behind the Government Showdown
National News Alerts




The Most
Today's Headlines & Columnists







See all Washington Post Newsletters


Live Discussions






Real Wheels Live
Live Q&A, 11 a.m. ETLive online discussion with Real Wheels columnist Warren Brown about car-buying and the auto industry.



 




11:00 AM

Real Wheels Live






Earlier Today




11:00 AM

The Fix Live



12:00 PM

Carolyn Hax Live: Advice columnist tackles your problems (Friday, April 19)



1:00 PM

The Latest in TV with Lisa de Moraes







Weekly schedule, past shows




























































 
Politics
Opinions
Local
Sports
National
World
Business
Tech
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Photo
Video
Blogs
Classifieds


More ways to get us

Home delivery
Mobile & Apps
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Social Reader






Newsletter & Alerts
Washington Post Live
Reprints & Permissions
Post Store
e-Replica
Archive



Contact Us

Help & Contact Info
Careers
Digital Advertising
Newspaper Advertising

News Service & Syndicate



About Us

The Washington Post Company

In the community
PostPoints
Newspaper in Education



Partners

























washingtonpost.com
© 1996- The Washington Post
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Submissions and Discussion Policy
RSS Terms of Service
Ad Choices




Section:/national/health-science



















