Willie Nelson redirects concert proceeds to benefit West, Texas firefighters | Fox News


















Fox News Digital Network
  Fox News
  Fox Business
  uReport
  Fox News Radio
  Fox News Latino
  Fox Nation
  Fox News Insider



Login




Account


You're logged in as  

Profile
Logout











Search Site







Listen to Fox News Radio Live›


On Air Now ›
On Air Personalities ›
 





Home
Video
Politics
U.S.
Opinion
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
Sports
On Air





Previous Slide
Next Slide
























		Entertainment Home




		Celebrity News




		Movies




		TV




		Music




		Style & Beauty




		Slideshows




		The Grid














Willie Nelson redirects concert proceeds to benefit West, Texas firefighters


Published April 18, 2013FoxNews.com










In this Nov. 7, 2010 file photo, Willie Nelson performs before the start of the NASCAR AAA Texas 500 auto race at Texas Motor Speedway, in Fort Worth, Texas. Nelson is sending out his prayers via Twitter Thursday April 18, 2013 after a deadly fertilizer plant explosion rocked West, Texas, a small community north of Waco near where he grew up.AP






Country music legend Willie Nelson is donating all proceeds from an upcoming concert in Austin, Texas, to the West Volunteer Fire Department, according to a press statement released Thursday.
Nelson , a native Texan, sent out his love and prayers via Twitter after a deadly fertilizer plant explosion rocked West, Texas, a small town north of Waco near his own hometown. 
"I was born and raised here and it was my backyard growing up. This is my community. these friends and neighbors have always been and are still a part of my life," Nelson said.
The statement said proceeds from the artist's previously scheduled performance on April 28 at The Backyard in Austin would now benefit the West Volunteer Fire Department.  Nelson also encouraged fans to donate goods, funds, or even blood donations to the Red Cross for the people of West.
Police initially said between 5 to 15 people were killed, but authorities have since backed away from any total estimate. More than 160 were injured during the massive blast in downtown West -- a community of roughly 2,600 residents about 20 miles north of Waco.
The explosion occurred around 8 p.m. and could be heard as far away as Waxahachie, a town located 45 miles north. It sent flames spiraling high into the evening sky and rained burning embers, shrapnel and debris down on frightened residents. Search and rescue teams worked well into Thursday to find survivors in the rubble. 
When not on the road touring, Nelson has lived in Austin, Texas, since 1971. But he was born and grew up 120 miles north of the state capital, in tiny Abbott, which is about five miles north of West.
"My heart is praying for the community that we call home," Nelson tweeted.
The Associated Press contributed to this report.








  Print
  Email
  Share
  Comments
Recommend
Tweet






Share This Article













View Article



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

You must login to comment.

View Article















Advertisement



FOLLOW FOX NEWS 411


Get Our Free Newsletter


Newsletter Signup




 











Trending in Entertainment




1
	  		
	  		Surprising celeb nude scenes 





2
	  		
	  		Dick Van Dyke tweets for help with health issue 





3
	  		
	  		News anchors can't stop laughing after Ryan Lochte interview 





4
	  		
	  		'Oxyana': The film some West Virginia residents never want you to see 





5
	  		
	  		Stars who lost their mojo 








See all trends›



Fox411 Tribeca Coverage







Fox411 @ Tribeca Film Festival
FOX411 at the 2013 Tribeca Film Festival. 
New films, big stars, fancy parties? We’re there.




Mutual Funds

Mutual Funds›








	  		
	  		SPY Celebrates 20 Years of Trading 











		Super-rich close gap between bonds and Bond Street



		Exclusive: Mexico bank reform eases legal hurdles to boost credit

















Advertisement






 








		TV ratings: NBC's coverage of manhunt for Dzhokar Tsarnaev leads the way Friday




		'Call Me Crazy': Jennifer Hudson and Ashley Judd among famous faces exploring mental illness for Lifetime




		'Mary and Martha': Hilary Swank and Brenda Blethyn overcome cultural differences in the name of a common crusade




		Lisa Rinna to 'Real Housewives of Beverly Hills'? A rep for Bravo says 'no truth' to the rumor




		4/20 TV: 'Dazed and Confused,' 'Tommy Chong Presents' and more





  







Kim Kardashian and Kanye West -- 100,000 Reasons He's No Absentee Dad


Chad Johnson -- Trash-Talking Ex-Wife Evelyn Lozada 


Clay Aiken 911 Call -- Creepy Alleged Intruder Is Packin' BINOCULARS!


Maksim Chmerkovskiy -- I Hurt My Moneymaker ... MY ANKLE!!!


What's The Big Frigin' Difference?





  








		Happy 87th Birthday, Queen Elizabeth!




		Victoria Beckham Goes Shopping With Her Brood




		Here’s How Rihanna Spent 4/20




		James Franco Wrote About Himself On His Birthday




		Amanda Bynes Slams Us Weekly ‘For Writing Another False Story’





  








		Stars Flock To Week 2 Of Coachella Music Festival




		Neil Diamond Comforts Fans Singing Sweet Caroline At The Boston Red Sox Game Today




		Boston Actress Amy Poehler Gets Choked Up About Terror Attack: ‘It’s Been Tough, Hasn’t It?’




		Mom Of Boston Marathon Bombers Was Arrested For Shoplifting Last Year




		Ryan Lochte Breaks Down In Tears And Picks Up Women On His New Reality Show





  








		Kim Kardashian Goes To The Doctor Right After Her Divorce Settlement Hearing




		Vanessa Hudgens And Her Beau Look Chic For Their Shopping Spree




		Justin Bieber Is A Ghost In Will.i.am's New Video 




		Nikki Blonsky Defends Pal Amanda Bynes, Says "She's Happy"




		Robert Wagner Quizzed About Natalie Wood's Death





  








		Buzzmakers: 'PP' Sequel News & Ozzy Denies Divorce




		Dennis Quaid Reveals Roping Skills on 'Vegas' Set




		Kwanten's New Movie Is 'Not Suitable For Children'




		Megan Hilty Smashes Out Of Her Comfort Zone




		Exclusive: Go Behind The Scenes of 'The Voice' 





 





Sections



Home
Video
Politics
U.S.
Opinion
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
Sports
Weather







Shows



America Live
America's News HQ
America's Newsroom
Cavuto
Fox Files
Fox News Sunday
Fox & Friends First
Fox & Friends
Fox & Friends Weekend
Fox News Watch
Fox Report
Geraldo at Large
Greta
Hannity







 



Happening Now
Huckabee
Justice with Judge Jeanine
Red Eye w/ Gutfeld
Special Report
Specials
Studio B
The Cost of Freedom
The Five
The Journal Editorial Report
The O' Reilly Factor
War Stories







Tools



Live Video
Trending
uReport
Newsletters & Alerts
Blogs
Mobile
Podcasts
Radio
Fox News Store
Apps & Downloads







About



Careers
Internships - FNCU
Fox Around the World
Advertise With Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us
Email Newsroom
FAQ
Media Relations







Follow




  Facebook


  Twitter


  Google+


  LinkedIn


  RSS


  Newsletters












This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.	©2013 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.







