Residents near Texas plant explosion allowed to return home - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports    











SHARE THIS














Print
Email
More sharing


Reddit


StumbleUpon


Delicious











Residents near Texas plant explosion allowed to return home



By Tom Watkins, CNN
updated 4:17 PM EDT, Sat April 20, 2013












STORY HIGHLIGHTS


West, Texas, "is safe for our citizens," Mayor Pro Tem Steve Vanek says 
Residents can return home but will have limited utilities and a curfew, he says
Town of West -- population 2,800 -- grapples with loss; death toll remains at 14




Are you there? Please send photos and videos to iReport, but please stay safe.
(CNN) -- Days after a fertilizer plant explosion killed 14 people and leveled parts of a central Texas town, officials moved Saturday to help get residents back to their homes.
"I want to dispel any rumors of any health or safety hazards or threats at this time in the city of West," Mayor Pro Tem Steve Vanek told reporters without specifying what those rumors may have been. "It is safe, it is safe, it is safe for our citizens."
Arrangements were being made for insurance adjusters to gain access to the stricken areas, he said.




Several found dead, many still missing













A candlelight vigil is held at St. Mary's Catholic Church in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, in remembrance of those who lost their lives in the massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co., on Wednesday, April 17. See photos from the explosion.






Eric Garcia, 12, cries during a candlelight vigil in West , Texas, honoring the victims of the explosion on April 18. More than 200 people were injured and 50 homes destroyed in the small town.






People gather for a candlelight vigil at a church in West on April 18.






Residents tend a prayer service at St. Mary's on Friday.






A girl closes her eyes during the vigil. 






A young mourner is comforted during the vigil on April 18.






People pray during a candlelight vigil at St. Mary's Church on April 18.






Residents embrace after taking part in the vigil.






A woman clasps her hands during the candlelight vigil on April 18.






A young man holds a candle during the vigil. See photos from the explosion.






West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
Photos: West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
West, Texas: A community mourns
HIDE CAPTION



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10


>
>>





West, Texas: A community mourns







EMS director: We cry together





Paramedic: Town became war zone





West, Texas explosion caught on camera

State fire marshals and the Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco Firearms and Explosives have completed their investigation "on certain parts of the affected area," and some residents were being allowed to return, he said.
But Vanek warned that their access to water, electricity and natural gas will be limited and that they will be subject to a curfew from sunset until 7 a.m. He urged residents to avoid the glass, debris and nails that litter much of the area.
The explosion on Wednesday night tore through the roof of West Fertilizer Co., charring much of the structure and sending massive flames into the air.
The dead included the secretary, who was also a member of the volunteer fire department, said Mayor Tommy Muska.
In total, five West firefighters died battling the blaze, along with one Dallas firefighter and four emergency responders, the State Firemen's and Fire Marshals' Association of Texas said Thursday.
The destruction made it hard to account for exactly how many people had been displaced, McLennan County Judge Scott Felton said Friday. He estimated that 99% of people originally thought to be missing had been accounted for.
"It's going to be a long recovery for this community," Gov. Rick Perry said Friday.
Local authorities were working with federal officials to determine the cause of the explosion, Perry said.
In its most recent report, the Texas Department of State Health Services said that in 2012, the facility held a number of potentially toxic products, including 270 tons of ammonium nitrate, which can be explosive.
In 2006, the Environmental Protection Agency fined the company that ran the plant $2,300 and told the owners to correct problems that included a failure to file a risk management program plan on time.
Seven years ago, a complaint was filed against the company for a lingering smell of ammonia, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality website shows.
The blast left a trail of charred devastation in this town, located 75 miles south of Dallas and 20 miles north of Waco.








0
Comments »



SHARE THIS

















Print
Email
More sharing


Reddit


StumbleUpon


Delicious

















We recommend



From around the web































NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Brother partied while Boston hunted suspects





Bombing suspect sedated, unable to talk 





3 Doors Down bassist charged in crash





What are the Boston suspect's legal rights?





Bombing suspect 'sedated,' official says




Explore the news with NewsPulse »






























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN México | CNN Chile | CNN Expansión العربية | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2013 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help            








