Fertilizer explosion shocks close-knit town of West, Texas - San Jose Mercury News





Part of the Bay Area News Group















eEdition / Subscriber Services
Mobile | 
				Mobile Alerts | 
				RSS













NEWS

photo galleries
breaking news
elections
obituaries
crime and courts
bay area news
data center
science / environment
earthquakes
Politics - Local /State
Politics - National
california
nation / world
special reports
education
traffic
weather
weird news



PHOTOS

news photos
tech photos
sports photos
entertainment photos
living photos
images of the day



BUSINESS

real estate
green energy
special reports
financial markets
personal finance
venture capital
drive / automotive
sectors
press releases
top workplaces



TECH

news
opinion
sectors
companies
personal tech



SPORTS

49ers
raiders
giants
a's
sharks
warriors
olympics high schools
colleges
cal
stanford
SJSU
SCU
quakes
sabercats
golf
other sports
scores / stats
buy team gear



ENTERTAINMENT

celebrities
restaurants
movies
television
music
horoscopes
comics
puzzles / games
video games
lottery
events
theater / dance
museums / galleries
books 


LIVING

food & wine
health
home design / garden
travel
family & relationships
fashion & style
pets & wildlife
green living
faith
brides



OPINION

columns
editorials
letters
blogs
discussion boards
web votes
article comments
live chats



PUBLICATIONS

San Mateo County Times
Palo Alto Daily News
Silicon Valley Community Newspapers:
Campbell Reporter
Cupertino Courier
Fremont Bulletin
Los Gatos Weekly Times
Milpitas Post
Pacifica Tribune
Saratoga News
Sunnyvale Sun
Willow Glen Resident
Rose Garden Resident
Almaden Resident
Cambrian Resident



MY TOWN

san jose
los gatos
saratoga
cupertino
sunnyvale
campbell
peninsula
central coast
pacifica
san mateo county
milpitas
fremont
alameda county



HELP

contact us
site map
faq
start / stop paper
advertising
buy photos
ethics policy
past articles






SHOPPING

newspaper ads online
special sections




CLASSIFIED




REAL ESTATE

apartments
commercial properties
mortgage rates
list a home



CARS

find a car
find a dealer
sell a car
newspaper ads online



JOBS

post a job
post your resume
top workplaces
virtual job fair 
find a job
Education news
Education to Careers














Site

Web Search by YAHOO!































In The News:

49ers player's latest offensive comments
 Video: Actress injured on 'Splash' dive
Bay Area home prices soar
 X-Men stars at Berkeley Rep

420 shooting





Tweet







Print  
                            Email  
							 Font ResizeFertilizer explosion shocks close-knit town of West, TexasBy Marty Schladen Digital First MediaPosted:
						 
						04/18/2013 03:20:04 PM PDTUpdated:
								 
								04/19/2013 12:29:28 PM PDTA tattered U.S. flag flies on Main Street in West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013 after the fertilizer plant explosion. Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remains at the blast site of the fertilizer company, Thursday, April 18, 2013 in West Texas.  A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.  The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents. (AP Photo/The Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Ron T. Ennis)  MAGS OUT; (FORT WORTH WEEKLY, 360 WEST) (Ron T. Ennis)WEST, Texas — Residents of this small, tightly knit community were wandering the main drag Thursday, telling their stories of what is by far the worst disaster to hit this central Texas town of 2,800.
The downtown is bisected by railroad tracks just to the south of the West Fertilizer Plant that was the scene of a massive explosion the previous evening.
The central Texas character of the place is evident on the Main Street signs. The Czech-American Restaurant is two doors down from Wild Bill's Steakhouse. Liquor and beer stores are common.
People are close enough in this friendly Czech community that everybody seems to know someone who lost a home, somebody who was injured or one of the first-responders who is A fertilizer plant that exploded still smolders in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the plant killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.   (AP Photo/Ralph Lauer) (Ralph Lauer)still listed among the missing — although nobody appeared to be holding out much hope by mid-afternoon.
Officials refused to offer any numbers for the dead on Thursday afternoon, though earlier statements had said that there were between five and 15 fatalities. More than 160 people were injured.
Volunteer firefighters were battling a blaze Wednesday evening that Nathan Spires, 26, said started as a brush fire. Other witnesses agreed about the cause, which is still under investigation.
As the firefighters worked, the fire ignited tanks of anhydrous ammonia, setting off a blast that devastated an area five blocks deep and 10 blocks wide, residents said. Structures suffered lesser damage for miles around.
The Advertisementsmoke plume thrown up by the blast could be seen in Arlington, 75 miles away, said Joe Kotch, 71.
Residents congregated along Main Street as a woman came by, passing out blue rubber wristbands that said God is Big Enough.
As they discussed the devastation, residents noted how lucky it was that that West Intermediate School, almost across the street from the fertilizer plant, had let out for the day.
Everybody who owned homes in the area, however, seemed to suffer a total loss, residents said.
"It didn't matter if you were a lawyer or a doctor or a judge,' said Wesley Gatlin, 44, a lifelong resident.
He and Vanessa Kotch-Williams, 40, were taking pictures of the fire when the fertilizer tanks exploded at 7:50 p.m. The blast was so strong that, 500 yards away, it cracked the windshield on their truck.

The blast threw Kotch-Williams into a panic because her two sons were at her ex-husband's house, about 100 yards from the fertilizer plant.
It was two houses down from a nursing home that was being evacuated when the explosion took place. Many of the residents are thought to be among the injured.
The closer Gatlin and Kotch-Williams got to the house, the more like a war zone it became. The debris in the street punctured their tires.
"We were driving on flat tires as fast as we could,' Kotch-Willams said. "I kept saying, ' God, let my children be alive.''
It did nothing to ease their panic when they got to the house and found nobody there.
Gatlin, who had served nine years as a volunteer firefighter, said he doesn't remember much about wading through the knee-deep debris. He said he was only focused on finding people.
Fortunately, everybody was OK.
Austin Williams, 8, said he was in the front yard when the explosion occurred.
"It knocked me to the ground,' he said.
His father, Byron Williams, works with ammonia and knows how dangerous it is, said Kotch-Williams, his ex-wife. Byron Williams threw himself on top of his son, and neither suffered serious injuries.
Gatlin and Kotch-Williams sat inside Kotch-Williams' Main Street business Thursday discussing the disaster and taking phone calls with the latest news of the dead and injured.
They also were counting their blessings.
Byron Williams called his ex-wife.
"He said if anybody thinks there isn't a God, tell them to call me,' Kotch-Williams said.
Marty Schladen is the statehouse reporter for the El Paso Times, which is part of the Digital First Media family.Print  
                            Email  
							 Font ResizeReturn to Top  
	














• FAQ: Article commenting how-tos and tips








Breaking News

 San Jose Earthquakes reprimand 1906 Ultras supporters groupUFC: Benson Henderson retains lightweight title with controversial split decision over Gilbert MelendezRichmond: Man life-flighted to hospital after being shot multiple timesSan Francisco Giants shut down San Diego PadresInternal Affairs: Guardino-backed groups will benefit from jet center donationsGolden State Warriors forward David Lee suffers strained hip flexorColorado avalanche kills five snowboarders; worst death toll since 1962Sleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown to San Francisco Bay for bikes and hikers. 







Latest from MercuryNews.com



View RSS feed



Most ViewedMost E-Mailed(From the last 12 hours)Editors' Picks: Top stories on MercuryNews.comSan Francisco 49ers have lots of picks, options in NFL draftSleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown...Oakland Raiders: Defensive tackle a favorite for Raiders with third...Golden State Warriors lean on their faith heading into playoffsDoctor: Boston suspect had so many wounds he couldn't tell which was...(From the last 12 hours)Solar Impulse plane lifts off from Moffett FieldPizarro: The Next Big Thing coming to downtown San JoseReview: A delightful 'Persuasion' at San Jose StageTwo who perished while scuba diving identified as San Jose coupleCalifornia bill would target fracking industry's water use











News Videos »



 




Top Classifieds

 






Copyright ©  - San Jose Mercury News

Place an Ad | 
About Our Ads | 
      Help/Contact | 
	   Site Map | 
	   Advertise | 
 Home Delivery | 
	  Copyright | 
	   Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | 
	  About MediaNews Group | 
	   RSS | 
	   Find San Jose jobs | 
Ethics Policy | About Bay Area News Group | 
	  






MediaNews Group - Bay Area News Group























Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright