President Obama gets heat for saying Kamala Harris is 'best looking attorney general,' while First Lady accidentally calls herself a 'single mother' - NY Daily News 











                  Sunday, April 21, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  President Obama gets heat for saying Kamala Harris is 'best looking attorney general,' while First Lady accidentally calls herself a 'single mother' The President's comment made at an Atherton, Calif. fund-raiser was blasted on Twitter as 'awkward' and 'sexist.' First Lady Michelle Obama quickly corrected her own gaffe.     By   Daniel Beekman     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Thursday, April 4, 2013, 9:47 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            SAUL LOEB/AFP/Getty Images 
	California Attorney General Kamala Harris (left) and California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom share laughs on Thursday with Obama, whose admiration for her came on same day Michelle Obama called herself a 'single mother.'
     
President Obama felt the heat Thursday after calling a powerful female official smoking hot.

	And as luck would have it, he made the unfortunate comment on the same day his wife — remember her, tall lady with the midlife bangs? — mistakenly referred to herself as a single mother.


 
Critics are steamed after President called Kamala Harris the 'best looking attorney general in the country.' 

	But back to the Prez and his very male salivary glands:

	“She also happens to be by far the best looking attorney general in the country,” Obama said of California’s Kamala Harris during a fund-raiser. The unexpected comment ruffled the feathers of some observers and caused a commotion on social media such as Twitter.


Eric Risberg/AP 
President Barack Obama walks with California Attorney General Kamala Harris, center, and California Lt. Gov. Gavin Newsom, after arriving at San Francisco International Airport in San Francisco. 

	“It’s true, come on,” the President added as fund-raiser attendees in Atherton, Calif., guffawed.

	Obama set up the remark with a heap of more conventional praise for Harris, 48, who campaigned for him last year.


JEWEL SAMAD/AFP/Getty Images 
First Lady Michelle Obama mistakenly referred to herself as a single mother on the same day President Barack Obama called California's Kamala Harris 'the best looking attorney general in the country.' 

	“She is brilliant and she is dedicated and she is tough,” Obama said.

	What came next was a compliment heard round the world — an uncharacteristic slip by the smooth-talking Obama. Some Twitter users blasted the quip as “awkward” and even “sexist.”


BENJAMIN MYERS/REUTERS 
President Barack Obama (from left), First Lady Michelle Obama and Speaker of the House John Boehner (R-OH) clap during the Inaugural Luncheon in Statuary Hall after his ceremonial swearing-in at the U.S. Capitol in Washington. 

	“Obama’s comment about Kamala Harris is disgraceful and really terrible for workplace equality,” tweeted New York magazine writer Jonathan Chait.

	Not surprisingly, the Republican National Committee quickly pounced on Obama, posting a snarky Twitter message.

	“Not awkward and perfectly fine for him to say, right?” it said.

	While the remark left plenty of observers hot and bothered, it didn’t offend everyone: “How did it become so difficult to call a woman good looking in public,” tweeted Politico media reporter Dylan Byers.

	But Thursday turned out to be double trouble for the First Family, with Michelle Obama calling herself a “busy single mother” in an interview. The top mom immediately caught herself, saying, “You know, when you’ve got the husband who’s president, it can feel a little single, but he’s there,” she said, CBS reported.

With News Wire Services
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Suspected Boston Marathon bombers lived in squalid, ramshackle apartment     2   Boston Marathon bombing's Dzhokhar Tsarnaev tweets on the run     3   Friends of accused Boston bomber arrested     4   Suspected Boston bomber likely faces death penalty     5   Dzhokhar Tsarnaev partied, went to gym days after bombing     6   Boston Marathon bombing suspect in ‘serious condition’ at hospital        7   Tamerlan Tsarnaev lost American friend to grisly murder     8   Wife's family of alleged Boston bomber express shock after his death     9   In new book, Amanda Knox claims prison workers sexually tormented her     10   Iceland teen fights for her name back         1   EXCLUSIVE PHOTOS: Suspected Boston Marathon bombers lived in squalid, ramshackle apartment     2   Boston Marathon bombing's Dzhokhar Tsarnaev tweets on the run     3   Suspected Boston bomber likely faces death penalty     4   Friends of accused Boston bomber arrested     5   Tamerlan Tsarnaev lost American friend to grisly murder     6   Boston Marathon bombing suspect in ‘serious condition’ at hospital        7   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      8   In new book, Amanda Knox claims prison workers sexually tormented her     9   Justice Story: College prof kills 4      10   Tamerlan Tsarnaev more religious, radical after 2012 trip                  Editor's Picks    Queens woman survived year of ‘hell’ from abusive boyfriend and is now social media whiz      For about a year, Jennifer Spivak lived a double life. In 2011, the then-City College senior had a near-perfect GPA and job prospects.     Members of century-old boaters club on Long Island Sound rarin' to fish           At the end of a dead end road, behind the short soft hills of the Bicentennial Veterans Memorial Park in Throgs Neck, a small blue building housing the Bronxonia yacht club sits at the edge of the Long Island Sound.     Yes, now is the time to move Madison Square Garden      Cipolla and Yaro: The daunting challenge to create a new Penn Station should not be trivialized as nostalgic regret about the fate of the old Penn Station. We and others who want to reimagine it — and Madison Square Garden — understand full well that the old Penn Station is no more.      Why Mr. Smith never appeared      Warren: "Shame on us!” proclaimed a peeved Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.).     The right to remain alive      In accord with the wise principle that the U.S. Constitution is not a suicide pact, the FBI has chosen to question Boston Marathon bomber Dzokhar Tsarnaev without first reading him the Miranda warnings about his right to remain silent and have a lawyer present.
            
         
           How terrorists are born     Silber: To most Americans, the nature of the diabolical events that occurred early last week in Boston are difficult to fathom and utterly illogical.      Jamaica-USA rivalry due at  2013 Penn Relays       LET’S SET the record — or records — straight when it comes to Jamaican scholastic track-and-field athletes at the Penn Relays in Philadelphia.
           April 21:  The Rockaway line, Boston terror and guns     Long Beach, L.I.: As we rebuild after Hurricane Sandy, what investments in infrastructure are appropriate? One vital solution is the reactivation of the Rockaway Beach Rail Line of the Long Island Rail Road, inactive since 1962.     Nets play borough's first postseason game since 1956     New York City has a new hoops headquarters — and it’s in Brooklyn.     Wallace fills role and hoop      For nearly a month, P.J. Carlesimo remained publicly confident in Gerald Wallace, the Nets’ $40 million small forward who had been struggling and lost confidence. Wallace was still hustling and doing all the little things, but he was coming up small in one very big category: points.     Amazing Kreskin sings the praises of Jimmy Fallon      Famed mentalist The Amazing Kreskin sees big things for Jimmy Fallon when he takes over “The Tonight Show.” The always-touring soothsayer also says he doesn’t see Jay Leno doing a disappearing act anytime soon.     New booking service Vimbly is one-stop activity shopping           Sick of brunch and bad movies? A new booking service can help you beat boredom without breaking the bank. 

      Test-driving a Ferrari, dueling with daggers, and making perfume are among the eclectic activities available on Vimbly.com.      South African safari lodge delivers on comforts and creatures     Things were quiet in the South African savanna around nightfall, when suddenly the driver of our jeep got a call on his walkie-talkie.     Daily News Summer Movie Preview: Independent films           It’s a summer of road trips, starting with the road itself in 
            
               “Prince Avalanche.”
            
          In the gently surreal comedy, Paul Rudd and Emile Hirsch slowly paint divider lines on a highway.      Redford on 'All the President's Men Revisited'     At first, it might seem weird to include movie stars in a documentary about the nation’s greatest political scandal. But for “All the President’s Men Revisited,” it’s a natural if the stars are Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman, who played Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein in the iconic film “All the President’s Men.”      Free & Cheap New York for week of April 21, 2013     Start your day at the Walter Reade Theater with “Calmus, Vocal Ensemble: Sunday Morning Coffee Concerts.” The performance will include selections from “Five Flower Songs” to German folk tunes and songs inspired by Shakespeare.           News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   