Mike Woodson may not win Coach of the Year, but respect what he has done with NY Knicks - NY Daily News 











                  Sunday, April 21, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Knicks         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Knicks     
     Mike Woodson may not win Coach of the Year, but respect what he has done with NY Knicks You just need to appreciate what Woodson inherited and what he has done since, the work he has done with J.R. Smith and this backcourt and injuries and all the AARP All-Stars he runs out there. And how he has gotten the very best out of Carmelo Anthony, at least so far.     NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Sunday, April 21, 2013, 1:31 AM                 Print            Print             Corey Sipkin/New York Daily News 
	Mike Woodson has taken the Knicks from a dead-end season last year, to the No. 2 seed in Eastern Conference.
    Related Stories   Mike Woodson: NY Knicks are ‘in desperate times right now to win a title’    After igniting win streak by playing with a broken foot, Kurt Thomas is rewarded by being released by NY Knicks   Former Bulls and Lakers coach Phil Jackson returns to Madison Square Garden, says NY Knicks have ‘come a long way’    NY Knicks sign Kenyon Martin to a 10-day contract after dealing Ronnie Brewer to the Oklahoma City Thunder for a second-round pick, trade exception       
Mike Woodson won’t win Coach of the Year in the NBA this season even if nobody in the league has done a better job than he has, not Gregg Popovich, the best there is, not Erik Spoelstra, who has the best player, not even George Karl, who has a better team now in Denver than he did when he had Carmelo Anthony, who officially became the best scorer in the league this season.

	Nobody is saying that the Knicks will officially make a run in April and May. Or that Woodson will take his place with other Knick coaches who either won the NBA Finals or coached in one. But you better appreciate the job he’s done and the job he is doing, whatever happens against the Celtics in the kind of first-round series that the Knicks have not won since 2000.

	Listen to what Jeff Van Gundy, the last coach to make the Knicks really matter, said to me about Woodson a week or so ago:

	“They’re not a really talented team. They’re a moderately talented team that has completely overachieved. Tyson Chandler is a good to very good center obviously. I think Woodson’s decision to play Carmelo Anthony at the four was the biggest reason that the Knicks have been able to ascend. He’s gotten J.R. Smith to play at the highest level he’s ever played. He’s taken Raymond Felton as a reclamation project from Portland and gotten him to play effectively.

	“I frankly can’t believe there hasn’t been a larger chorus out of New York for him being Coach of the Year. Now I think you can make a case for a lot of coaches, George Karl, Erik Spoelstra, you can go on and on. But Mike Woodson was the right hire at the right time and people also forget what he took over in Atlanta and how he brought them from like 13 wins into a 50-win team and consistently and somehow that’s gotten lost in the narrative as well.”

	We are going to find out, starting right now, which Knicks team is the real one from their compelling three-act regular season: The one that started and finished the way it did, or the one that was 20-21, half an NBA season in the middle. There will be a postseason reckoning on that, and on Carmelo, who tries to make this basketball spring into what October was like for Alex Rodriguez in 2009.

	None of what is happening now happens without No. 7. But it also doesn’t happen if not for the work of two men, one who works in Indianapolis now and one who came out of there to really begin his basketball life:
RELATED: SMITH: NEW YORK CENTER OF NBA UNIVERSE AS PLAYOFFS BEGIN
	1.) Donnie Walsh, who saved the business after the wreckage of the Isiah Thomas years.

	2.) Mike Woodson.

	“An awful lot of people have done an awful lot of good things for us this season,” that is what Woodson keeps saying, to anybody who will listen to him.

	Of course it starts with Carmelo, the season of his life, especially the ball he’s played after 20-21, when he either got some much-needed rest or got his knee drained or whatever happened at the time.

	But as the playoffs begin for this season, go back to where another dead-end season seemed to be ending when Woodson got the job from Mike D’Antoni. They were 18-24 in a shortened season and it was going to be the ninth season out of the last 11 when the Garden — still being called the mecca of basketball out of habit, because of two championships won 40 years ago — was dark in April and May. And June.      1     2      3    Next Page     
   Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Lupica: Woodson's work should not be overlooked     2   Lawrence: To defending champs, Knicks must look like chumps     3   Lupica: Knicks D reminiscent of Riley, Van Gundy days     4   Big Papi's message at Fenway: 'This is our f---ing city'     5   Myers: Jets realizing how missing with top QB pick hurts franchise     6   Wasn't pretty, but Knicks grab Game 1 over Celtics     7   Best defense: Giants could aim for run stoppers     8   Jersey phenom Kaminsky delivers echoes of Koufax     9   Raissman: Rex loud and proud... again     10   Harper: New veteran Yanks doing a job Wells done         1   Smith: New York center of NBA universe as playoffs begin     2   Yankees Insider: Youk injury not serious, Pettitte feels fine     3   Lupica: Woodson's work should not be overlooked     4   Lawrence: To defending champs, Knicks must look like chumps     5   Nets play borough's first postseason game since 1956     6   Bondy: Brooklyn bridges past with present     7   McCarron: Harvey Hangover could be theme for Mets season     8   Wallace fills role and hoop      9   Lupica: Knicks D reminiscent of Riley, Van Gundy days     10   Harper: New veteran Yanks doing a job Wells done                    Apr 20th, 2:31PM    Rookie Chris Copeland gets the game 1 start for the Knicks     This time last year, Chris Copeland was playing in Belgium dreaming of one day making it to the NBA.

On Saturday, the 28-year-old rookie will       Apr 18th, 3:20PM    Amar'e Stoudemire unlikely to return for Celtics series says Knicks coach Mike Woodson     Amar'e Stoudemire (knee) was on the court briefly while the Knicks were shooting around in practice, but Woodson doesn't expect him to return       Apr 18th, 2:43PM    Tyson Chandler says he's 100 percent for the start of the Knicks-Celtics playoff series     Tyson Chandler and the Knicks are thinking big with the playoffs slated to start Saturday against Boston.

The All-Star center, who missed the          Editors' Picks    Lupica: Knicks D reminiscent of Riley, Van Gundy days     There was so much to remember about the afternoon, especially the play that closed out the Boston Celtics for good, the pass that Carmelo Anthony made to Kenyon Martin in the last minute, Martin getting offense in a Game 1 that he had helped change so much with defense.     McCarron: Harvey Hangover could be theme for Mets season     We certainly don’t know everything there is to know about these Mets after only 16 games, but their weekend series against the Nationals has shown us perhaps more evidence of a developing season’s theme.      Harper: New veteran Yanks doing a job Wells done     For Vernon Wells, it’s awfully nice to be on the other side of a matchup that once brought him nothing but heartache.     Lupica: Woodson's work should not be overlooked     Mike Woodson won’t win Coach of the Year in the NBA this season even if nobody in the league has done a better job than he has, not Gregg Popovich, the best there is, not Erik Spoelstra, who has the best player, not even George Karl, who has a better team now in Denver than he did when he had Carmelo Anthony, who officially became the best scorer in the league this season.     Carmelo and Pierce stand together to honor Boston     The Knicks and Celtic showed the devastating events of the past week in Boston – from the bombing at the marathon Monday to the manhunt that ended Friday night – were on their minds and in their hearts before their playoff series tipped off Saturday afternoon.      Big Papi's message at Fenway: 'This is our f---ing city'     Once the policemen and the politicians finished parading across the infield at Fenway Park Saturday afternoon in celebration of a successful manhunt, David Ortiz, in the lineup for the first time all season, took the microphone and addressed the crowd.     Jersey phenom Kaminsky delivers echoes of Koufax     Eighteen big-league scouts are pressed against a chain-like fence behind home plate, eyes and radar guns trained on the mound, the whole pack of them as crammed in as straphangers on a rush-hour subway.       GAME 1 in PHOTOS: Knicks get the ugly win     The Knicks are a No. 2 seed and the Celtics a No. 7 seed for a reason and it all played out in the second half of ugly, nip and tuck 85-78 Knicks Game 1 victory. The Knicks, even on their worst day, can still score a little. Boston simply can’t.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.        Knicks Daily News Pix      The Daily News has all the legendary Knicks including Walt, Willis, Patrick and more. Get in-game action and behind-the-scenes photos of your favorite legendary Knickerbocker.    Buy a Photo      Sports Video



  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   