Texas Blast Takes Toll on Two Small-Town Institutions - Businessweek






Bloomberg Businessweek


Go To Businessweek.com













Sign in with Facebook




Or use your Businessweek account


Email

Password
Forgot  password?


Remember me




Already a Bloomberg.com user?

Sign in with the same account.

Don't have an account?
Sign up.


Help! I can't access my account.







Bloomberg Businessweek

News From Bloomberg























Global Economics


Companies & Industries


Politics & Policy


Technology


Markets & Finance


Innovation & Design


Lifestyle


Business Schools


Small Business


Video & Multimedia


















Bloomberg News
Texas Blast Takes Toll on Two Small-Town Institutions



By Michael C. Bender and David Mildenberg


April 19, 2013


Facebook


Tweet


LinkedIn


Google Plus




Email






Related


Video
Amateur Video: The Massive Texas Plant Explosion


Video
Amateur Video: The Massive Texas Plant Explosion


Story
Texas Fertilizer Explosion Recalls French Disaster


Video
Perry Declares Texas Blast Site a Disaster Area


Video
Police Say 12 Dead in Texas Plant Blast











The fertilizer-plant explosion that
killed at least 14 people and injured almost one of every 10
residents of West, Texas, also pulverized two of the city’s
beloved institutions: its schools and volunteer fire department. 
At least five firefighters -- about 15 percent of its force
-- are feared dead from the April 17 blast at Adair Grain Inc.’s
warehouse. Three of the five public schools remain closed. Those
blows, plus injuries to 200 people and 35 others still missing,
have broken hearts across this rural community of 2,800 people. 
“These are the institutions of this town,” said Joann
Williams, 70, who was making a banana-and-fudge ice cream sundae
when her ceiling caved in from the explosion. “The schools and
the firefighters put on big dinners and fundraisers and help
everyone out. It’s a family oriented, close-knit town.” 
A largely Catholic community, West traces its roots to
Czech immigrants who settled in central Texas to farm wheat and
corn, according to the West Chamber of Commerce website. The
city hosts an annual polka festival and, thanks to Texas
lawmakers, is home to the official state kolache, a fruit-filled
pastry available in the town’s several Czech bakeries. 
Descendants of the Czech farmers moonlight as volunteer
firefighters to give back to the community, about 80 miles (129
kilometers) south of Dallas, said Ronnie Sykora, a former
volunteer firefighter, like his father. 
“A lot of the guys start when they’re 18 or 20 years old
and spend their whole life there,” said Sykora, whose family
owns the local Ford dealership. “It’s a camaraderie that keeps
them there.” 
Costly Rebuilding 
The same sense of community will pull the school district
through its crisis, said Marty Crawford, superintendent of
schools. 
“It’s going to be an adventure for all of us,” Crawford
said at an April 18 news conference. 
Rebuilding promises to be a costly task for the town. West,
which had revenues of $855,000 in 2004, lost three fire trucks
and an emergency medical services vehicle in the blast, said
Sergeant Jason Reyes, a spokesman for the Texas Department of
Public Safety. A new fire truck can cost hundreds of thousands
of dollars. 
The city might qualify for block grants from the Texas
Department of Agriculture, Agriculture Commissioner Todd Staples
said in a statement. City officials were unavailable to give
more-current estimates of West’s finances. City hall was being
staffed by volunteers, and the mayor was working on relief
efforts. 
Revenue Decline 
The West Independent School District listed $13 million in
long-term general-obligation debt as of Aug. 31, 2012 financial
statements. The district’s revenue decreased by almost $4
million last year to $13.3 million as of Aug. 31, documents
show. 
Janie Salazar, 57, said her three grandchildren have
excelled in West public schools since the kids moved from Dallas
two years ago. 
“They love their school,” said Salazar, who cleans houses
in West. “The teachers and everybody are very good and
friendly. They’re great.” 
One of the volunteer firefighters who died was an employee
of the plant, said Donald Adair, owner of Adair Grain Inc., in a
statement. Law enforcement officials have confirmed no names of
the fatalities. 
“The selfless sacrifice of first responders who died
trying to protect all of us is something I will never get
over,” Adair said. ”I was devastated to learn that we lost one
of our employees in the explosion. He bravely responded to the
fire at the facility as a volunteer firefighter. I will never
forget his bravery and his sacrifice, or that of his colleagues
who rushed to the trouble.” 
Heart Destroyed 
The department includes business owners, city employees and
retirees, said Jeff Clark, a machinist at Westex Custom Fire
Apparatus, a West-based company that services and builds fire
trucks. Clark said West firefighters include Marty Marak, owner
of a heating-and-air conditioning business, and Mayor Tommy
Muska. 
Muska, a firefighter for 26 years, said it was
“devastating” to lose so many colleagues. “The heart of the
department has been destroyed,” he said. 
The department, established in 1894 as West Hose Company
#1, has 33 firefighters, according to its website. Firefighters
collected half of the money to build the firehouse in 2003 with
fundraisers like the Annual West Fire Department BBQ Cook-off. 
Generous Givers 
“People in West are very generous for their churches and
worthy local causes, but for themselves they are very
conservative,” said Georgia Hutyra, president of the History of
West Museum, which is planning a museum in the downtown area to
open next year. “Everybody keeps their places looking nice, but
you don’t see a lot of flamboyant shows of wealth.” 
The town’s generosity was evident yesterday as cars, SUVs
and pickup trucks lined up about a half-mile to the rodeo
grounds outside West, where volunteers used forklifts to sort
mounds of donations under a 120-by-120 foot awning. Other
volunteers packed the donated items into family-sized cartons of
diapers, clothes and toiletries. 
Once people’s immediate needs are met, the town will have a
longer-term need for construction materials and cash to help
rebuild, said Jim Gerik, a spokesman for the volunteer group
collecting donations. 
Even in good times, small towns have a hard time paying for
heavy equipment such as fire trucks, and West lost three of
them, Gerik said. 
Family Tradition 
“My dad was the fire marshal for 30 years, and I know what
kind of a thing it is to get a new fire truck,” he said. “It’s
a big deal.” 
Two local banks were accepting cash donations, and a
website, www.pointwestbank.com, has a dedicated link that
accepts donations to help rebuild the schools and the town. 
Sykora, who’s also a deacon at St. Mary’s Catholic Church
of the Assumption, said there was a brotherhood among the
firefighters. 
“To see young men we’ve known for so many years, men with
families and children, lose their lives is just a heartbreak,”
he said. 
To contact the reporters on this story:
Michael C. Bender in West, Texas at 
mbender10@bloomberg.net;
David Mildenberg in West, Texas at 
dmildenberg@bloomberg.net 
To contact the editor responsible for this story:
Stephen Merelman at 
smerelman@bloomberg.net 







Facebook


Tweet


LinkedIn


Google Plus




Email




















From
(enter your email)



To
(enter up to 5 email addresses, separated by commas)



Notes



Max 250 characters















Feed



Most Popular




Read




Shared




Discussed







The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


In Virginia's Fairfax County, Robbing Banks for the CIA


The Boston Bombers and the Decline of Al-Qaeda


'Saturday Night Live' Nails the Gun Control Debate


America's 50 Best Cities


Multiplayer Game 'Eve Online' Cultivates a Most Devoted Following


It Costs $333 Million to Shut Down Boston for a Day


A New Design for Antarctic Research







In Virginia's Fairfax County, Robbing Banks for the CIA


It Costs $333 Million to Shut Down Boston for a Day


The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


Using Facial-Recognition Technology to Track Down the Boston Bombers (and Why Humans Are Still Better at It)


'Saturday Night Live' Nails the Gun Control Debate


Why the U.S. Is Cutting Carbon Faster Than Europe


Bitcoin May Be the Global Economy's Last Safe Haven







Immigration Reform May Make Your Job Search Much Tougher


Saturday Night Live Nails the Gun Control Debate


The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


To Boost Retirement Savings, Stop Giving Tax Breaks on 401(k)s


Gun-Control Setback: Senate Blocks Background-Check Plan


How Obama Wants to Change Student Loan Interest Rates


At Goldman, the Average Pay for 3 Months is $135,594


The Glock Divorce Comes to America, Revealing New Details About the Gun-Maker













Ads by Google




















Elsewhere on Businessweek.com



Fix This/Water



VCs That Back Women Beat Those That Don't



Pepsi to America: Thank You for Snacking



Turkish Fashion Designers Make Muslim Style Chic



Who's Winning the Silicon Valley Talent Wars?



Why Morgan Stanley’s Job-Hunt Ban Was Doomed to Fail



What Angel Investing Looks Like Now



Why Cell Phone Networks Fail in Emergencies



Why Homegrown Terrorism Is Hard to Stop



Don't Hate Stanford Because It's Rich 



Meet the Bitcoin Millionaires



Best Undergraduate Business Schools 2013






Social


Follow us on Twitter


Join us on Facebook


Connect with us on LinkedIn


Subscribe to Bloomberg Businessweek


Bloomberg




Links

Our Company
Advertising
Careers
Content Licensing
Feedback
Custom Publishing
Manage Subscription


Mobile
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Reprints & Permissions
Sitemap
Terms of Use
[+] Rate This Page



Get Businessweek Delivered




Rupert Murdoch: The Escape Artist

Subscribe



©2013 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Made in NYC

Ad Choices





















blog comments powered by

Disqus

























