Small Texas town hit by fertilizer-plant explosion is known for its Czech heritage and cuisine - The Washington PostwpostServer: http://css.washingtonpost.com/wpost













Jobs
Real Estate
Rentals
Cars
Print Subscription
Today's Paper
Discussions
Going Out Guide
Personal Post
Videos




Home


Politics




In Politics


Congress


Courts & Law


The Fed Page


Health Care


Polling


White House


Washington in Transition


Md. Politics


Va. Politics


D.C. Politics







Blogs & Columns







	ACLU objects to Miranda rights...

Post Politics

|  Rachel Weiner










	History lesson: the NRA’s ‘support’...

The Fact Checker

|  Glenn Kessler










	Boston unlocked, blessedly free...

She The People

|  Melinda Henneberger










	’Nightmare's End’

The Fix

|  Chris Cillizza










Opinions




In Opinions


Toles Cartoons
			


Telnaes Animations


The Post's View


Left-Leaning


Right-Leaning


Local Opinions


Columnist Index







Featured Blogs







	Boy Scouts make progress on inclusion...

ComPost

|  Alexandra Petri










	Open Thread

The Plum Line

|  Greg Sargent










	PostScript: Krauthammer and updates...

PostPartisan

|  Rachel Manteuffel










	Sen. Lindsey Graham reacts to Boston...

Right Turn

|  Jennifer Rubin










Local




In Local


D.C.
			


Maryland
			


Virginia
			


Crime
			


Education
			


Obituaries
			


Transportation
			


Weather
			


The Root DC
			


Blogs & Columns
			







Blogs & Columns







	D.C. area forecast: Enjoy today's...

Capital Weather Gang

|  Kathryn Prociv









	D.C. marathoner plans Monday run...

Going Out Guide

|  Alex Baldinger










	Crime Scene changes coming

Crime Scene

|  Washington Post staff










Sports




In Sports



				Redskins/NFL
			



				Capitals/NHL
			


Wizards/NBA
			


Nationals/MLB
			



				D.C.
				United/Soccer



				Colleges
			


AllMetSports
			


Blogs & Columns
			


Forums
			


Other
				Sports







Blogs & Columns







	Ovechkin closing in on Richard...

Capitals Insider

|  Katie Carrera










	Ian Desmond plays matchmaker

DC Sports Bog

|  Sarah Kogod










	Redskins could benefit by drafting...

The Insider

|  Mark Maske










	Rendon called up, Zimmerman to...

Nationals Journal

|  Adam Kilgore










National




In National


Energy &
				Environment


Health & Science
			


Education
			


National Security
			


Investigations


On Faith
			


On Leadership
			


Innovations
			


On Giving
			


Corrections









Blogs & Columns







	Can Silicon Valley reinvent customer...

Ideas@Innovations

|  Dominic Basulto










	Dealing with poor performers in...


 Tom Fox










	‘Combat evil with good’

Under God

|  Elizabeth Tenety










World




In World


Africa
			


The
				Americas


Asia &
				Pacific
			


Europe
			


Middle East
			


National Security
			


War Zones
			


Special Reports
			


Columns & Blogs









Blogs & Columns







	What the Kyrgyzstan connection...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










	9 questions about Chechnya you...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










	Chechen president: 'Seek the roots...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










	YouTube account that may belong...

WorldViews

|  Max Fisher










Business




In Business



				Economy
			


Industries


Local Business
			


Markets


Policy
				&
				Regulation


Technology
			


World
				Business


Capital Business


On Small Business
			


On I.T.
			









Blogs & Columns







	Pay a lower rate without refinancing

The Color of Money

|  Michelle Singletary










	The Circuit: Google makes push...

Post Tech

|  Hayley Tsukayama










	It's not just Reinhart and Rogoff

Wonkblog

|  Mike Konczal










Tech




In Technology



				Policy
			


Gadget
				Reviews
			


Innovation
			


Green
				Technology
			


Photo
				Galleries
			







Blogs & Columns







	TechBit: Facebook Home


 Hayley Tsukayama










	The Circuit: Google makes push...

Post Tech

|  Hayley Tsukayama










Lifestyle




In Lifestyle


Advice
			


Carolyn Hax
			


Food
			


Home & Garden
			


Style
			


Travel
			


Weddings
			


Wellness
			


Magazine
			


KidsPost
			


On Parenting
			







Blogs & Columns







	"Billy Lynn's Long Halftime Walk"...

The Style Blog

|  Ron Charles










	Read this: Ryan Lochte in Washington

The Reliable Source

|  Amy Argetsinger










Entertainment




In Entertainment


Books


Comics
			


Going Out Guide


Horoscopes
			


Movies


Museums
			


Music
			


Puzzles & Games
			


Theater &
				Dance


TV
			







Blogs & Columns







	Of revivals and rebirths

Classical Beat

|  Anne Midgette










	Boston Marathon bombing hold TV...

The TV Column

|  Lisa de Moraes










	AWESOME CON: Q&A with ‘Curls’ creator...

Comic Riffs

|  Michael Cavna










	D.C. marathoner plans Monday run...

Going Out Guide

|  Alex Baldinger










Jobs




In Jobs






More




Classifieds
Cars
Deals
Real Estate
Rentals
Photos




Shopping
Obituaries
Archives
Topics
Blogs
















Business












  

 





In the News


Boston suspects


London Marathon


China quake


NBA playoffs


Avalanche




































???initialComments:true! pubdate:04/18/2013 18:29 EDT! commentPeriod:14! commentEndDate:5/2/13 6:29 EDT! currentDate:4/20/13 8:0 EDT! allowComments:true! displayComments:true!







Inside the Boston Marathon probe







After capture, a search for motives







PHOTOS | Boston’s harrowing week












					Inside the investigation of the Boston Marathon...







Small Texas town hit by fertilizer-plant explosion is known for its Czech heritage and cuisine







(The Fort Worth Star-Telegram, Ron T. Ennis/ Associated Press ) - A tattered U.S. flag flies on Main Street in West, Texas on Thursday April 18, 2013 after the fertilizer plant explosion. Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remains at the blast site of the fertilizer company, Thursday, April 18, 2013 in West Texas. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. The explosion that struck around 8 p.m. Wednesday, sent flames shooting into the night sky and rained burning embers and debris down on shocked and frightened residents.











CAPTION




















						By  Associated Press, 
Apr 18, 2013 11:38 PM EDT
AP









 WEST, Texas — Before an earth-shaking explosion at a fertilizer plant shattered the town, this community of 2,800 people outside Waco was known as the “Czech Heritage Capital of Texas.”
A band of accordion players would often regale nursing home residents with polka-heavy favorites. A Czech dance was scheduled this weekend at the Knights of Columbus Hall. And while most Texans refer to them as pigs in a blanket, folks here call them klobasnikis and make them with spicy or cheese sausages, as well as plain hotdogs.






More business newsIMF panel calls for faster action to boost growth, jobs in developed world



				 Howard Schneider 
The world economy is growing, but so has rich nations’ reliance on action by central banks.






TechBit: Facebook Home

				 Hayley Tsukayama 
Smartphone app takes over your Android phone, for better and worse.






TechBit: Snapguide

				 Hayley Tsukayama 
Know the best way to hang a sweater or fix a leaky faucet? Snapguide helps you share your secrets.


More business news













The accident late Wednesday at the West Fertilizer Co. thrust tiny West into the national spotlight in a way its famous baked goods never could. An unknown number of people were dead and more than 160 hurt. “They say everybody here knows each other. They mean it,” said Suzy Price, a photographer. Her arms were bruised from helping to pull her 91-year-old mother out a nursing home window and through some bushes to safety after the blast.Founded in 1882, West was a booming railroad town that attracted a disproportionate number of German and Czech immigrants attracted by its fertile farmland, which was perfect for growing wheat, corn and cotton.The Czech influence remains so strong that among those visiting the devastation Thursday was Petr Gandalovic, the Czech Republic’s ambassador to the U.S.After returning home, Price watched volunteers, many of them students from the local high school and middle school, pushing other nursing home residents in wheelchairs to the community center, which became an emergency staging area. “They were walking, and that’s five miles,” Price said of the volunteers. “They were streaming by our house for hours, late into the night.”Gladys Quilter, co-owner of the Village Shoppe, a dress emporium, said her father arrived at 16 and promptly changed his surname to something easier for Americans to pronounce.She said the Czech influence is apparent in the local cuisine, including fruit-filled pastries called kolaches. West residents put a special wrinkle on the traditional dessert by making them with cream cheese and chocolate. “If you want to gain weight, that’s good for that,” Quilter said.Police on Thursday were still restricting access to five blocks that were most heavily damaged by the explosion and subsequent fires. The blast also shattered windows a mile away in the town center, a three-block cluster of shops and businesses, including Quilter’s.West Food Market, the Pool Room and Eddy’s Saddles and Tack all had facades damaged, and many other businesses remained closed as their owners helped relatives and friends who could not return to their homes or lost them to the explosion.Joyce Baubin, a retired secretary, was sweeping broken glass off the sidewalk. She described the explosion as “the worst noise I’ve ever heard.”But Baubin said she didn’t know what had happened until her son called from Boston, site of a deadly bombing earlier this week at the finish line of the city’s annual marathon, to make sure she was all right. “They had all that tragedy there, and he’s calling to a small town where nothing ever happens,” she said. “At least not usually.”Away from the eerie quiet of downtown, the community center was brimming with activity as Red Cross workers comforted victims and offered counseling, temporary housing and food.Smoke from a barbeque blanketed much of the area outside, and a worker from a home care agency for the elderly flipped hamburgers and hot dogs. Inside, the center was filled to capacity with clothes, diapers, snack mix and other donations. Residents arrived in droves to leave more. “This community is going to receive a lot of outpouring and love and whatever they need,” said Rusty Thomas, a Waco minister who brought water and Gatorade. When he was told of the need for more diapers, socks and baby formula, he drove away to get some.Megan Miller, a West resident whose cousin was hospitalized after the blast, brought plates and bathroom items. Her two children, ages 5 and 6, each carried one of their stuffed animals. She said one of the toughest tasks was trying to explain what happened to her children. But they seemed to understand.Maggie, the 6-year-old, dropped off a stuffed elephant because she “wanted a little girl to have a toy elephant.” “I don’t really need it anymore,” Maggie said.___Associated Press Writer Nomaan Merchant contributed to this report.Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.







Reprints












Discussion Policy


				 | FAQ
			

				 | About Discussions
			


Loading...
Comments


Add your comment

 


 




Read what others are saying
About Badges












SuperFan Badge
SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams.
More about badges | Request a badge


Culture Connoisseur Badge
Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment.
More about badges | Request a badge


Fact Checker Badge
Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker.
More about badges | Request a badge


Washingtologist Badge
Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area.
More about badges | Request a badge


Post Writer Badge
This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer.


Post Forum Badge
Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs.
More about badges | Request a badge


Weather Watcher Badge
Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts.
More about badges | Request a badge


World Watcher Badge
World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs.
More about badges | Request a badge


Post Contributor Badge
This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story.
More about badges | Request a badge


Post Recommended
Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post.


You must be logged in to report a comment.
Sign in here


You must be logged in to recommend a comment.
Sign in here


Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.All comments are posted in the All Comments tab.
More about badgesGet a badge

To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused".  If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in.



Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers.





Spam
Obscene
Duplicate
















 Facebook
 Twitter
 Reddit




StumbleUpon
 Digg
 Delicious






















Top business Stories


Most Popular Videos





















TechBit: Facebook Home for Android should please power users
Hayley Tsukayama 
					


It's not just Reinhart and Rogoff


It’s an old numbers game. What if they’re wrong?
Zachary Karabell 
					




City on edge: Searching for answers and suspects in the manhunt for marathon bombing suspects
Associated Press 
					


Germany’s Lufthansa cancels most scheduled flights on Monday, when ground staff will strike
Associated Press 
					


Online detectives flourish, damage, help during Boston manhunt
Associated Press 
					




Obama's daring political experiment


The Obamacare 'train wreck'


How to pay a lower rate without refinancing
Michelle Singletary 
					




Apple says it keeps Siri data up to 2 years
Hayley Tsukayama 
					


Reinhart/Rogoff-gate isn't the first time austerians have used bad data
Mike Konczal 
					


McDonald's and the economy




Advances in image analysis empower law enforcement but worry privacy advocates
Craig Timberg 
					


Data is no good without theory


How Twitter is becoming your first source of investment news
Barry Ritholtz 
					




Europe's cap-and-trade program is in trouble


Reddit hit with a denial-of-service attack
Hayley Tsukayama 
					


Tiny Texas farming town grieves for first-responders who raced toward burning fertilizer plant
Associated Press 
					




The economic effects of Boston's shutdown


Was lax oversight to blame for the Texas fertilizer explosion?





























The Post Most: BusinessMost-viewed stories, videos and galleries int he past two hours



Most Popular

TechBit: Facebook Home for Android should please power users
It's not just Reinhart and Rogoff
It's an old numbers game. What if they're wrong?
City on edge: Searching for answers and suspects in the manhunt for marathon bombing suspects
Germany's Lufthansa cancels most scheduled flights on Monday, when ground staff will strike




Top Videos

What's the right conclusion to draw from the deficit? — WonkTalk
Reasons for (some) optimism during a terrible week — WonkTalk
Interactive video game helps patients manage pain
Obama's budget: The $4.6 trillion difference — WonkTalk
Hacker 'boot camp' helps launch tech careers




Top Galleries

The fastest growing small business sectors heading into 2013
Smartphones galore
High-speed rail around the world
Apple's new headquarters: A first look
Top ten cities with best quality of life




 















World Markets 
	        	from   
  






 






Other Market Data 
        	from   
  







 






Key Rates
        	from   
  







 































































 
Politics
Opinions
Local
Sports
National
World
Business
Tech
Lifestyle
Entertainment
Photo
Video
Blogs
Classifieds


More ways to get us

Home delivery
Mobile & Apps
RSS
Facebook
Twitter
Social Reader






Newsletter & Alerts
Washington Post Live
Reprints & Permissions
Post Store
e-Replica
Archive



Contact Us

Help & Contact Info
Careers
Digital Advertising
Newspaper Advertising

News Service & Syndicate



About Us

The Washington Post Company

In the community
PostPoints
Newspaper in Education



Partners

























washingtonpost.com
© 1996- The Washington Post
Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
Submissions and Discussion Policy
RSS Terms of Service
Ad Choices




Section:/business



















