Chemical in Texas blast has a well-known deadly potential - latimes.com











Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad





 





NATION





HOME


Breaking


Photos


Video


Crime


Obituaries


Weather


Traffic


Crosswords


Sudoku


Horoscopes


Apps




Local


L.A. Now


Politics


Crime


Education


O.C.


Westside


Neighborhoods


Environment


Obituaries


Data & Maps




U.S.


Politics


Nation Now


Politics Now


Top of the Ticket


Science


Science Now


Obituaries


Religion




World


World Now


Afghanistan war


Africa


Americas


Asia


Europe


Middle East




Business


Money & Co.


Technology


Highway 1


Company Town


Personal Finance


Jobs


Real Estate


Cars




Sports


Sports now


Lakers


Clippers


Dodgers


Angels


NFL


Kings


NHL/Ducks


USC


UCLA


Preps


Scores




Entertainment


Awards: The Envelope


Movies


TV


Music


Celebrity


Arts & Culture


Industry


Critics' Picks


Comics




Health


Booster Shots


Science Now


Medicine


Fitness & Nutrition


Mental Health


Health Reform




Living


Home


Food


Image


Books


L.A. Affairs


Comics


Reader Photos




Travel


SoCal


California


Mexico


Hawaii


Las Vegas


Europe


Asia


Australia


Travel & Deal Blog




Opinion


Editorials


Op-Ed


Letters


Opinion L.A.


Readers' Rep


Endorsements




Shop


Weekly Circulars


Offers & Deals


Coupons


Daily Deals


Travel Offers


LA Times Product


Sports Gear


Photos




Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad












TRENDING NOW


Boston bombings


Texas explosion


Festival of Books


Monrovia fire


Bird Flu


Coachella
























Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 




















Chemical in Texas blast has a well-known deadly potential
Massive explosion may have involved large amounts of ammonium nitrate stored at the site. It has caused some of the worst industrial accidents in U.S. history.











Comments

46






















                                            Firefighters use flashlights to search a destroyed apartment complex near the explosion site. In February, the West Fertilizer Co. reported that it had up to 270 tons of ammonium nitrate stored at its plant.
                                                (LM Otero, Associated Press / April 18, 2013)








Also


Photos: Fertilizer plant explosion near Waco, Texas



West Fertilizer Co. explosion: Before and after



Interactive graphic: West, Texas, explosion site



Video: Texas plant explosion caught on tape



Interactive map: Location of Texas explosion






By Ralph Vartabedian, Neela Banerjee and Ricardo Lopez, Los Angeles Times
April 18, 2013, 6:27 p.m.




The blast at a West, Texas, fertilizer plant on Wednesday night was so massive that investigators believe it probably involved a significant amount of ammonium nitrate, a chemical that some scientists say should be regulated as an explosive.

In a report filed with the Texas Department of State Health Services on Feb. 26, West Fertilizer Co. said that it had up to 270 tons of ammonium nitrate at its facility, along with up to 100,000 pounds of liquid ammonia. The exact amounts on hand at the plant are not yet known, officials said.
Pentagon explosives experts say that a detonation involving 270 tons of ammonium nitrate would be larger than almost any non-nuclear weapon possessed by the U.S.
Government officials close to the investigation are focusing on reports that a very large quantity of ammonium nitrate was being stored at the plant, which industry officials say was a blending and distribution operation that served local farmers. In its filings with state officials, the company acknowledged that it had a range of industrial chemicals that it said were "extremely hazardous."
The explosion occurred after a fire started at the facility. It flattened buildings several blocks away, reflecting the type of explosive force commonly associated with ammonium nitrate.
Company filings with federal regulators named Donald Adair as the owner of the plant. Adair and other company officials could not be reached Thursday.
In its dealings with Texas regulators, the company said any accident would not be large enough to cause an explosion. A risk management plan filed by the company in 2011 made no mention of ammonium nitrate being stored at the facility.
Five years earlier, the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency fined the company $2,300 for not even having a risk management plan in place and for other problems, including poor employee training and lack of a formal maintenance plan.
Last year, the company agreed to pay a $5,250 fine to the Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration for storing ammonia in improperly marked tanks and for transporting the material without a security plan.
About 8 billion pounds of ammonium nitrate is produced annually in the U.S., with half going to the agriculture industry and the other half to the explosives industry.
The chemical was also used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, the first attack on the World Trade Center in 1993 and the bombings of two U.S. embassies in Africa in 1998. Attempts to tighten regulation of the material have been bogged down since the early 1990s.
A Pentagon explosives expert said that government testing of ammonium nitrate has proven its deadly potential. The chemical generates a slow-moving but very high-pressure blast that causes significant organ damage to humans.
The fertilizer industry has fought tighter controls on the material, arguing that it is not explosive in the concentrations sold in retail stores. Farmers use the material to blast stumps out of the ground.
But a series of tests in New Mexico demonstrated that even low-level concentrations of ammonium nitrate, common in fertilizer sold at home improvement stores, could generate serious explosions.
"It is a very significant explosive force," the military expert said.
Ammonium nitrate explosions have caused some of the worst industrial accidents in U.S. history, including a 1947 disaster in Texas City that killed more than 500 people and injured 5,000. Accidental explosions occur regularly around the world, including incidents that killed 37 in Mexico in 2007.
Neal Langerman, principal chemist with Advanced Chemical Safety, a San Diego industrial consulting firm, said the explosion did not necessarily involve ammonium nitrate. The initial fire at the plant could have caused a failure of the tanks containing ammonia gas, also known as anhydrous ammonia.
"If a tank containing a liquefied flammable gas is subjected to fire, that tank could fail catastrophically, releasing the gas, which will instantly ignite, causing a catastrophic explosion," he said.
The EPA and various state regulators are responsible for overseeing safety at the West Fertilizer plant. All facilities with hazardous substances on site must file a list of those substances with state and local authorities. A list filed by West Fertilizer on Feb. 26 showed that it had not only ammonium nitrate and anhydrous ammonia, but a variety of agriculture chemicals.
In its 2011 risk management plan, the company said that the anhydrous ammonia did not pose any threat of fire or explosion. "The worst-case release scenario would be the release of the total contents of a storage tank released as a gas over 10 minutes," the plan said.
The company did not have backup safety systems inside the facility, like auto shut-offs, alarms, or emergency air and power, according to the plan. It also did not have so-called mitigation systems, like sprinklers, fire walls and blast walls.
"Many people would be surprised to learn that there are no federal setback or buffer zone requirements to keep extremely hazardous chemicals away from nearby schools, homes, and businesses, and no evaluation requirements for companies to see if they can store lesser quantities or use safer chemicals," said Paul Orum, a Washington-based chemical safety consultant.
The disaster is being investigated by teams from five federal agencies, including the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the Environmental Protection Agency, among others.
ralph.vartabedian@latimes.com
neela.banerjee@latimes.com
ricardo.lopez@latimes.com
Times staff writers Geoffrey Mohan and Scott J. Wilson in Los Angeles contributed to this report.





Copyright © 2013, Los Angeles Times












Comments

46





















 












Comments (46)
Add / View comments | Discussion FAQ




George Spalding at 1:03 AM April 20, 2013
					
					
                A plant with EXPLOSIVE compounds should NOT be built in or near a town. It should be at least TEN MILES from any homes or businesses. This is the SAME Ammonium Nitrate that McVeigh used in the Oklahoma Bombing. Wednesday’s blast was at least a HUNDRED times more powerful than that explosion.  On May 4, 1988, The Henderson, Nevada Blast was even larger than the one today. There were injuries in Las Vegas up to 10 miles away. Why don’t we LEARN from our previous mistakes? 



mark90045 at 9:55 PM April 19, 2013
					
					
                As the great and very red state of Texas has reformed its workers compensation system so as to permit employers like West Fertilizer to "opt out" of its workers compensation system and, at the same time "reformed" its tort system so as to make it virtually impossible for working class people to get to court against big business it's going to be real interesting to see who foots these bills.At the same time, watching antigovernment Rick Perry beg for federal disaster assistance is indeed something to behold and would be hilarious if it weren't so tragic.This is what it really means to "starve the beast/shrink government"



mark90045 at 9:42 PM April 19, 2013
					
					
                When it comes to industrial safety, the great and very red state of Texas is the new Bopal.  Does anyone else remember the Union Carbide leak in Bopal, in December 1984?And so as to further protect the interests of its citizens Texas has reformed its workers compensation system so as to permit employers like West Fertilizer to "opt out" of its workers compensation system and, at the same time "reformed" its tort system so as to make it virtually impossible for working class people to get to court against big business it's going to be real interesting to see who foots these bills.At the same time, watching antigovernment Rick Perry beg for federal disaster assistance is indeed something to behold and would be hilarious if it weren't so tragic.This is what it really means to "starve the beast/shrink government"














Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.
















Connect







Recommended on Facebook






















Follow @latimes










Advertisement





















Photos: Coachella music festival: Weekend 2






 Plaschke: Lakers playoff vibe could mean bad things






After a long fall, Antelope Valley is back on upswing






Boston bombings: Social media spirals out of control







































Photos of the Week
More »




























Most Viewed
Latest News















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Gun legislation failure dismays survivor of Texas mass shooting
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.


Clippers' Jamal Crawford is at mission control in playoff opener
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.



















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Two more in a wave of Dodgers losses
 - L.A. Times - Sports
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Connecticut gun makers demand apology from governor
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.






























Video










 











Timeline: The hunt for the Boston bombing suspects





L.A. Walks: Santa Monica Beach, with a power-up option





Mobile guide: Coachella 2013 On-the-go 





Photos:  Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2013 ceremony 





Photos:  Kelley Blue Book's 10 best 'green' cars for 2013 



















Corrections




The Envelope




Media Kit




About Us




Contact Us




Site Map














Burbank Leader
Coastline Pilot
Daily Pilot
Huntington Beach Independent
News Press
Pasadena Sun
Valley Sun
KTLA
Hoy


Baltimore Sun
Chicago Tribune
Daily Press
Hartford Courant
Los Angeles Times
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
The Morning Call


Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Copyright 2013










A Tribune Newspaper website







































