 West, Texas: traumatised town reels from fertiliser plant explosion | World news | The Guardian 







Turn autoplay off
Turn autoplay on


Please activate cookies in order to turn autoplay off




Jump to content [s]
Jump to comments [c]
Jump to site navigation [0]
Jump to search [4]
Terms and conditions [8]




Edition: US

UK







Your activity
Email subscriptions
Account details
Linked services



Profile


Mobile



		
	        About us
    


About us


Contact us


Press office


Terms of service


Privacy policy







		
	        Subscribe
    


Guardian iPhone


iPad edition


Kindle


Guardian Weekly


Digital edition















The Guardian
UK and World news
User comments







News


US


World


Sports


Comment


Culture


Business


Money


Environment


Science


Travel


Tech


Media


Life & style


Data







News




World news




Texas fertiliser plant explosion









West, Texas: traumatised town reels from fertiliser plant explosion
Tom Dart speaks to residents who lost everything but their lives in Wednesday's fire and blast






Share




Tweet this








Email







Tom Dart in West, Texas 


The Guardian,
				            Friday 19 April 2013 18.37 EDT




Jump to comments (…)





Volunteers helping out at a distribution centre in West, Texas, in the aftermath of the fertiliser plant explosion. Photograph: Frederic J Brown/AFP/Getty Images


As rescue workers continued their search through the wreckage of dozens of buildings razed by the Texas fertiliser plant explosion, clothes piled up on tables in the breakfast room of a hotel that has become the temporary home of residents who have lost everything but their lives.Boxes of doughnuts and cookies were stacked next to hundreds of garments donated as part of the relief effort for the victims of Wednesday's fire and explosion at a fertilizer plant in the small Texas town of West, near Waco. The Czech Inn is five minutes' drive from the blast site and most of its 70 rooms are occupied by displaced, disheveled residents.A wide area around the plant remained sealed off by police on Friday as frustration grew among those unable to return to their houses – or what remains of them.Andrew Malinovsky said that his home about 11 blocks from the plant had largely escaped damage but that he was not permitted to get back to access his medicine. "I'm a diabetic, disabled veteran. They won't even let me get to my house to get the essential stuff I need to live: medications, my breathing machine," he said in the hotel lobby.Malinovsky was sitting in his living room when the plant exploded. "It was like somebody went wham and slapped my whole body from front and back," he said.Anissa Adamson was relieved that her son happened to be on an evening shift at the Czech Stop bakery and convenience store on Wednesday night. He lives next to the plant in an apartment complex that is now just a tattered metal skeleton. "We're lucky, everyone in my family got out," she said. Most of her relatives live close to the plant but only one cousin required hospital treatment. Adamson herself moved out of her son's building less than three weeks ago.  Hundreds gathered on Thursday night at a packed church service for the victims near West's modest downtown, many wearing red and white jerseys bearing the logo of the town's beloved Trojans high school football team. The field was used as a triage center. "Our town of West will never be the same, but we will persevere," Father Ed Karasek told mourners. T-shirts that say "GOD BLESS WEST" are now in fashion.International media, charities, politicians and state and federal agencies are crowding a town that normally only expects to welcome large numbers of outsiders for its annual Czech heritage festival.Even before the number of dead and their names have been formally confirmed, even while locals can only assess the destruction from gossip among neighbours and the apocalyptic footage being aired again and again on television news, life's practical necessities are imposing a framework on this crushed community, giving it structure amid the shock.Roads are busy. Many shops are open. Spirited polka music was pumped out from the Village Bakery on to a sidewalk still littered with broken glass from shattered windows. Children need to go back to school on Monday – somewhere. An insurance company has set up a stall outside an antiques shop.Another has parked a mobile crisis response unit at the main entrance to the town, the Stars and Stripes on its tall portable flagpole whipping from side to side in the heavy breeze. A Dallas-based law firm issued a press release saying it is "investigating possible lawsuits" – call now!At the moment the town is still too traumatised to think about recriminations, still more interested in compassion than consequences. The cause of the disaster remained unclear Friday afternoon. Adamson said she did not blame them for anything. "It's not their fault, I know those people. We don't point fingers here, we just help," she said. "Bad things happen to good people."One of those presumed dead was Joey Pustejovsky, a West volunteer firefighter, the City Secretary. "I worked with him for a while, he seemed to be doing a really good job, very dedicated … he had a lot of ambition," said Suzy Price, a semi-retired photographer.Jimmy Matus, owner of a welding business, is also reported to have perished. A friend said he restored old fire trucks and used to dress up with his wife as Mr and Mrs Santa Claus to greet kids at community events. She died in 2011, aged 52. Also believed dead is "Buck" Uptmor, owner of a fencing company, and former rodeo rider, who was helping a man move horses to safety.










Sign up for guardian.co.uk today
guardian.co.uk today is our daily snapshot of the top news stories, sent to your inbox at 8am
Sign up for the daily email







Print this
Share
Contact us




Send to a friend





Sender's name



Recipient's email address





Your IP address will be logged







Share



				Short link for this page:
				http://gu.com/p/3f9pb




StumbleUpon
				



reddit
				



Tumblr
				



Digg
				



LinkedIn
				



Google Bookmarks
				



del.icio.us
				



livejournal
				



Facebook
				



Twitter
				








Contact us





					                        Report errors or inaccuracies: reader@guardian.co.uk


											Letters for publication should be sent to: letters@guardian.co.uk






					If you need help using the site: userhelp@guardian.co.uk


					Call the main Guardian and Observer switchboard: +44 (0)20 3353 2000




Advertising guide


License/buy our content








Article history



About this article



West, Texas: traumatised town reels from fertiliser plant explosion
		   		    			    										This article was published on
							guardian.co.uk
							at 18.37 EDT on Friday 19 April 2013. 
					   	A version appeared  on p28 of the Main section section of 					   	the Guardian
					   	on Friday 19 April 2013. 
					   	It was last modified at 20.08 EDT on Friday 19 April 2013.
						  				   								




World news


Texas fertiliser plant explosion ·															

Texas ·															

United States 

More 			news
	




More on this story







 

 Texas explosion death toll reaches 14 as recovery operation winds down 

 Officials hopeful that there may be no more fatalities from Wednesday's fertiliser plant blast 


 

 Texas fertilizer plant explosion: no government watchdog visits since 2007 



 

 Fertilizer plant explosion punctuates timeless calm of West-comma-Texas 



 

 Man has near misses with Boston bomb and Texas explosion 



 

 Texas explosion: fertiliser plant treated as crime scene after up to 15 die 



 

 Texas explosion devastates tight-knit town: 'It was like the whole earth shook' 



 

 Texas explosion: many casualties feared from fertiliser plant blast 



Multimedia







 

 Texas fertiliser plant explosion devastates town of West, near Waco – video 

 Amateur footage shows the moment a fireball rips through the town of West, near Waco in Texas, after an explosion at a fertiliser plant


 


 Moment of explosion near Waco, Texas - video 



 


 Texas fertiliser plant explosion - interactive 



 


 Texas fertilizer plant explosion - in pictures 



 

 Fertilizer explosions listed and US facilities mapped 










Share




Tweet this








Email






















Comments

Click here to join the discussion.
We can't load the discussion on guardian.co.uk because you don't have JavaScript enabled.















Guardian US on Twitter


The latest news and comment from our team of reporters, writers and editors in the US
Auto update every minute On | Off




GdnUSsports: New York #Knicks open NBA playoffs with victory over Boston #Celtics http://t.co/98AUWrnqKi via @GuardianUS
about 7 hours, 6 minutes ago



stuartmillar159: "One of the things we have to be very careful about is trusting what the Russians tell us" on Chechnya #smarttakes http://t.co/7jN2XZJZbm
about 7 hours, 12 minutes ago



stuartmillar159: NYT: When contacted late 2012 by homeland security officials over Tamerlan Tsarnaev's citizenship application, FBI said he was not a threat
about 7 hours, 52 minutes ago



• Follow our US team on a Twitter list






		
	        Today's best video
    








The Guardian Film Show


											                        
                                    			Our critics review Olympus Has Fallen, Love is all You Need  (above), Evil Dead and Fuck for Forest
		







What's in my cocaine?


											                        
                                    			How potentially toxic substances are used by drug dealers to 'cut' cocaine
		






Boston Marathon bombing suspects


											                        
                                    			FBI video of two men sought in connection with Monday's terrorist attack
		






New Zealand parliament breaks into song after legalising gay marriage


											                        
                                    			Music follows vote for same-sex marriage
		










On the Guardian today




World news
FBI faces questions over previous contact with Boston bombing suspect



Comment is free
What rights should Dzhokhar Tsarnaev get and why does it matter?



World news
Boat where Dzhokhar Tsarnaev hid 'looked like Swiss cheese' after shootout



World news
Poland's 'generation unexpected' leads resurgence of Jewish culture



World news
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother



World news
Snowboarders killed in US avalanche












On World news





Most viewed


Latest




Last 24 hours



1. 
FBI faces questions over previous contact with Boston bombing suspect


2. 
Last British resident in Guantánamo 'may never be allowed home'


3. 
Boat where Dzhokhar Tsarnaev hid 'looked like Swiss cheese' after shootout


4. 
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother


5. 
Sudden religiosity and mysterious trips: clues that build up Boston attacks case


More most viewed




Last 24 hours



1. 
Snowboarders killed in US avalanche


2. 
FBI faces questions over previous contact with Boston bombing suspect


3. 
Boston bombing suspect was under FBI surveillance, says mother


4. 
Skateboarding, marijuana …and jihad. Inside the minds of the Boston bombing suspects


5. 
Chinese earthquake kills more than 150


All today's stories












Sponsored feature























Top stories in this section










Top videos









Most popular









		
	        Today in pictures
    








BBC Sports Personality of the Year – in pictures


											                        
                                    			Bradley Wiggins capped his remarkable sporting year by taking home the big prize at the ceremony in London
		






Dinner, dusk and dancing Russians: my best winter shot


											                        
                                    			A glass of wine with a rough sleeper, Santa in trunks, a thousand partying Muscovites … in a My Best Shot special, top photographers pick the image that sums up winter for them
		






Monkey adopts kitten – in pictures


											                        
                                    			Kimon, an eight-year-old pet female long-tailed monkey, treats a kitten as her baby in Bintan Island, Indonesia
		












 
		
	        Hot topics
    




Eurozone crisis


Libya


Syria


Gaza


US elections 2012







License/buy our content

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
Privacy policy

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
Terms of service

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
US Advertising

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
A - Z index

					
  |     			    				    

																																										
			
	
	
	
				
		
About guardiannews.com



© 2013 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.









Share




Tweet this
































	
;



































