Ammonium Nitrate Seen
		
			
		
	As a Likely Culprit in Blast - Wall Street Journal - WSJ.com

Ammonium Nitrate Seen
		
			
		
	As a Likely Culprit in Blast
While the chain of events that triggered the mammoth explosion at a Texas fertilizer planton Wednesday night remains unclear, a likely culprit is the highly explosive material ammonium nitrate that was stored at the facility.
The facility, run by West Fertilizer Co., stored up to 540,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate and 110,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia, according to a report filed to state and local officials as required by the U.S. Environment Protection Agency.
Ammonium nitrate—which is easy to spread and often used for specialty crops, fruits and vegetables—is a highly explosive material, though it requires a fuel booster before it can ignite. Because of its explosive properties, ammonium nitrate is also used to make bombs and was the material used in the deadly Oklahoma City bombing of April 19, 1995.
It isn’t clear what occurred at the Texas facility. The Texas Department of Public Safety said it could take as long as six months to determine the cause of the fire and explosion.
A less-likely scenario in the explosion is the ignition of anhydrous ammonia, which is also used as a fertilizer. It is a colorless, pungent gas that is kept in liquid form under high pressure in steel containers. But because ammonia is relatively stable and can only ignite at a temperature of 1,562 degrees Fahrenheit, such explosions are said to be rare.
It is possible that the fire that preceded the blast could have heated up the storage tanks to a high enough temperature to set off the explosion, said Ford West, president of the Fertilizer Institute, or TFI, a U.S. trade association for the fertilizer industry. For now, “that is still speculation,” Mr. West added.
Write to                 Gautam Naik at gautam.naik@wsj.com








WSJ

WSJ
Facebook
Twitter





MarketWatch

MarketWatch



Barron's

Barron's



SmartMoney

SmartMoney



AllThingsDigital

AllThingsDigital



FINS

FINS



More


WSJ X - Invitation Only


BigCharts


Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News


WSJ Asia


WSJ India


WSJ China
                                                chinese edition



WSJ Japan
                                                japanese edition





WSJ Europe


WSJ Deutschland




WSJ Americas


en Español


em Português




WSJ Radio


WSJ Wine








The Wall Street Journal

Menu




Also in WSJ.com:

















Share





Tweet




Latest Headlines














Latest Headlines is home to all the latest, up to the minute news headlines from The Wall Street Journal in a streaming continuous headline experience.











Top

                    Streaming Coverage


                            Reverse Order
                        




                          Keyboard: ↑




                          Keyboard: ↓





Days Active
Updates


200
65443




0 new posts










