710 KURV: The Valley's News, Weather & Talk Station

































































Investigation Of Fertilizer Plant Blast Beginning, 12 Victims Found




(AP) - Federal investigators and the state fire marshal's office will be moving toward an inspection of the site of Wednesday's explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant, looking for evidence that may point to a cause. A spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives says the investigation is starting at the perimeter of the explosion, and will work inward toward the destroyed fertilizer company itself. 

	 

As investigators move inward, authorities say, residents will gradually be allowed to return to their homes. But the town of West won't easily recover. An apartment complex was badly shattered by the explosion. A school was set on fire and heavily damaged, and a nursing home was left in ruins. 

	 

Authorities confirmed Friday that the bodies of 12 people were recovered from the fertilizer plant and the surrounding area. The victims are believed to include a small group of first-responders who headed toward the plant to fight the fire that would apparently touch off the explosion. 



 




Investigation Of Fertilizer Plant Blast Beginning, 12 Victims Found



Wounded Boston Transit Officer Recovering



Police Go Door-To-Door In Search For Boston Bomber



Senate Mail Service To Resume On Monday



Judge: Ex-Texas District Attorney Acted Improperly



NEW: V.A. Moves To Process Oldest Disability Claims First



NEW: Conn. Police: Bomb Suspect Could Be In Honda Civic



Unemployment Rate Drops



Federal Inspectors At Scene Of Blast In West



Sens. Cornyn, Cruz Tour West Blast Site



Republican: Boston Raises Immigration Questions



Uncle Urges Bombing Suspect To Turn Self In



NEW: Congressman: Suspects Had Cache Of Explosives



DPS: 12 Bodies Recovered After Texas Plant Blast



Update: 1 Of 2 Mass. Bomb Suspects Dead; Suburbs Shut Down



Police: MIT Suspect Tied To Boston Marathon Bomb



RECAP OF WHAT HAPPENED LAST NIGHT/THIS MORN. BOSTON MARATHON BOMBING



F.B.I. Releases Images Of Boston Marathon Bombing Suspects, See Video



Retail Gasoline Prices Slip 6 Cents Across Texas



NEW: Regulators Fined Texas Plant For Safety Violations













































Radar
Satellite
Current Conditions

















Bridge Times
Road Status
Flights










Do you think mistakes were made that led to the fertilizer plant fire and explosion in West?
 YES NOTotal Votes: 67
Powered by























   







Copyright ©1999 - 2013, R Communications, LLC, All Rights Reserved. EEO Report | Legal Disclaimer | AP Legal Disclaimer  



