Four Things You Should Know About The Week’s Other Disaster In West, Texas | The Moderate Voice






An Internet hub for centrists, independents and moderates with domestic and international news, analysis, original reporting and popular features from the left, center and right.






Home
Authors and Editorial Staff
Commenting Rules
Contact Us
Mission Statement
Disasters

Immigration







Home »
Disasters » Four Things You Should Know About The Week’s Other Disaster In West, Texas



« Tail-gunner Ted (Guest Voice)








Four Things You Should Know About The Week’s Other Disaster In West, Texas

Apr 21, 2013 by KATHY GILL, Technology Policy Analyst
Investigators continue to piece together the story of the mid-week explosion in West, Texas (population 2,800) that killed 14 as residents return home. President Obama offered disaster relief on Friday.
.@wfaachannel8 has a clear aerial look at the explosion zone in #WestTX. More photos: abcn.ws/15oATvm twitter.com/ABC/status/324…
— ABC News (@ABC) April 18, 2013

1. This was not a fertilizer manufacturing facility
Media reports have characterized the explosion site — 11 buildings on 10 acres — as a “fertilizer plant.” The Dallas Morning News has clarified that West Fertilizer Co. and Adair Grain is a farm supply company that sold fertilizer as well as grain, feed and tools. “The company mixed fertilizers tailored to farmers’ specific needs,” which is a common practice throughout rural America. It did not manufacture fertilizer.
When the facility was built in 1962, it was about a mile north of town. But the town grew – like many towns across the country – and so today it was less than 3,000 feet from a school and within blocks of a nursing home and apartment complex. Who makes those zoning decisions? Usually a local zoning board.
The Texas Feed and Fertilizer Control Service inspects feed and fertilizer distributors like West Fertilizer. There are “5,92 such establishments” in the state, according to USA Today.
2. There was a lot of unreported fertilizer at the facility
Initial news reports focused on two tanks capable of storing 54,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia, a fertilizer and poisonous gas.
However, in 2012, the facility also stored a minimum of 540,000 pounds (270 tons) of ammonium nitrate. According to NBC, facilities are supposed to report to the Department of Homeland Security if they store more than 400 pounds of ammonium nitrate. The reason? The material can be used as a component of a bomb and was part of the Oklahoma City bomb that killed 168.
3. Yet ammonium nitrate is only “slightly” flammable
News reports have cited West Fertilizer filings with EPA that its anhydrous ammonia presented no risk of explosion, almost with a tone of incredulity. But here’s what that material safety data sheet (MSDS) says: anhydrous ammonia is a Non-Flammable Gas.
News reports have also characterized ammonium nitrate as a “dangerous explosive.” In contrast, the MSDS for ammonium nitrate describes it as “[s]lightly flammable to flammable in presence of heat, of combustible materials, of organic materials” and says that it “[m]ay be combustible at high temperature.”
According to Jimmie Oxley, a researcher at the University of Rhode Island, it is “very difficult” to get ammonium nitrate “to detonate at a reasonable scale.” However, as it burns, ammonium nitrate produces oxygen, which exacerbates danger and helps explain the 1947 industrial accident involving ammonium nitrate in Texas City, TX. This was largest industrial accident in the US; it killed 600. 
4. There are 14 dead, most first responders
The photos and names of the three people who died in Boston have been on national news, but you’ll be hard-pressed to identify the 14 who have died in Texas. Reportedly, 11 were first responders.
I will update this list of those killed in the West TX explosion as names become public. 

 Buck Uptmor, 44, died helping herd horses away from the burning plant
 Cody Dragoo, 50 served the fire department for about 15 years after moving to West from Montana; he was the only employee who died; he had returned to the site as a volunteer firefighter.

 Cyrus Reed, 29 of the Abbott fire department
 Doug Snokhous, 50, and Robert Snokhous, 47 were volunteer fire fighters in West
 Jerry Chapman, 26 of the Abbott fire department
 Jimmy Matus, 52, a career firefighter from West 
 Joey Pustejovsky, 29, volunteer firefighter and West city secretary 
 Kenny Harris, 52, off-duty Dallas Fire-Rescue captain who lived in West 
 Morris Bridges, 41, volunteer firefighter from West 
 Perry Calvin, 37, of Purden 

The National Fallen Firefighters Foundation is accepting donations to help the survivors of the personnel who died in the line of duty in the West TX explosion.
Featured photo: Flickr creative commons license 


Donate to The Moderate Voice












Share This












Related Posts



Please Don’t Forget West, Texas
Posted on Apr 19, 2013


Texas More Tolerant Than New York ?
Posted on Feb 26, 2013





 

Contemplating Lance Armstrong: Views from the Swiss and the Dutch
Posted on Jan 25, 2013





 

Okinawans will ‘Spew Magma’ Over Crimes of U.S. Forces (Okinawa Times, Japan)
Posted on Oct 21, 2012





Sponsors









 










2 Comments








 



Barky 
April 21, 2013 | 7:09 pm
Thanks for that, Kathy.  















 



DORIAN DE WIND, Military Affairs Columnist 
April 21, 2013 | 8:24 pm
Thank you, too, Kathy, especially for the names of those killed in the explosion.










Leave a Reply Cancel reply
You must be logged in to post a comment. 







MSNBC 

   



   



Your ad could be here, right now.


 Links www.needrapidcash.com

Payday Loans Online

redundancy pay

Grad Programs

raspberry ketone

E-News Press

survival kit

tiket kereta api

ToDroid.com

Phone Savers

Articles 4 All

ACLS Certification


 Sponsored by Pass4Sure Leading the way in studying IT certifications. Best practice. Guaranteed certify!
Pass4sure
CCNA
cissp
cissp training
pmp certification
a+ certification
ccnp
British Airways

   



 





  



Your ad could be here, right now.




Your Ad Here


   



Your ad could be here, right now.


 



 




Base Design by Elegant Themes | Customized for TMV by T-Steel and Shika | © 2004-2013 The Moderate Voice. All rights reserved.















