Upstate N.Y. substitute teacher charged with repeatedly raping 12-year old  - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  Upstate N.Y. substitute teacher charged with repeatedly raping 12-year old  Police say Lisa Franklin, 44, convinced the child’s parents into letting her become his at-home tutor. Instead of tutoring Franklin would have regular sex sessions with the boy, police said.        By   Lee Moran     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Monday, March 18, 2013, 9:18 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Town of New Windsor Police Depar Lisa M. Franklin, 44, was arrested Thursday and charged with several felonies for allegedly having sex with a then-12-year-old boy she met while working as a substitute teacher at Sacred Heart School in Newburgh.     Related Stories   British man undergoes voluntary chemical castration over rape and murder fantasies    Teen charged in attempted rape of 28-year-old near City Hall   Man pleads guilty to molesting Hasidic teen in ritual bath    Calif. high school denies teen suicide victim Audrie Pott reported bullying despite parents claims       
	A married teacher repeatedly raped a 12-year-old student for more than a year after befriending his parents, police have said.

	Upstate New York mother-of-two Lisa Franklin, 44, is accused of having regular sex sessions with the boy in her car in various parking lots across the area.
RELATED: 5 BUSTED IN NEW JERSEY STUDENT-TEACHER SEX SCANDAL
	The alleged affair came to light in February after the parents of the child, who is now 13, found inappropriate text messages between the pair on his cellphone.

	New Windsor Deputy Police Chief Rick Hovey told YNN the exchanges were "not something you'd see between a 13-year-old child and a 44-year-old woman, that's for sure".
RELATED: TEACHER CAUGHT HAVING SEX WITH TEEN IN PARKING LOT
	Cops in Newburgh say Franklin, from Wallkill, has two teenage children of her own and worked as a substitute teacher at Sacred Heart School until the spring of 2012.

	Taking a liking to the boy, a student at the school, Franklin befriended his parents - persuading them to let her become his personal at-home tutor.
RELATED: N.J. TEACHER NABBED FOR ALLEGEDLY OFFERING STUDENT SEX FOR CASH
	Hovey said the boys parents had "trusted she was acting as an adult and doing the proper thing" but instead"sexual intercourse [AND]oral sex would occur in a car".

	Franklin, who faces several charges of rape, was arraigned on Thursday.

	She was released from Orange County Jail after posting $10,000 bail and is expected back in court later this month.
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Manhunt for Boston Marathon terrorist underway     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   F.B.I. joins search for Brown University student         1   Manhunt for Boston Marathon terrorist underway     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Manhunt for Boston Marathon terrorist underway      A Boston Marathon bombing suspect was gunned down in a blazing firefight with cops while his armed and dangerous terrorist brother remained on the run early Friday, authorities said.     Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     Chechen bombing suspects planted device feet from Russian flag     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.     App delivers personalized dining recommendations     Ness 2.0 is catching up to Yelp, say its founders — with 4.5 million user-generated ratings so far.      NBC pulls ‘Hannibal’ episode after Boston bombs     NBC says it’s pulling an episode of its serial killer drama “Hannibal” out of sensitivity to recent violence, including the Boston bombings.     Did Boston carnage have its roots in Stalin's ruthless displacement of Muslims from Chechnya decades ago?           Did the carnage in Boston have its roots in Joseph Stalin's ruthless displacement of Muslims from Chechnya many decades ago in the depths of the Cold War?  The Tsarnaev family were ethnic Chechens, but they had hardly, if ever, lived in their homeland, ravaged by two bloody wars since the collapse of the Soviet Union.     Search continues for bodies amid rubble in Texas fertilizer plant explosion            As many as 60 people are still missing two days after a massive explosion in a Texas fertilizer plant decimated a small town, leaving at least 12 dead and injuring 200.           News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   