Town of West, Texas, recovers after plant blast kills 14, injures 200 | Fox News


















Fox News Digital Network
  Fox News
  Fox Business
  uReport
  Fox News Radio
  Fox News Latino
  Fox Nation
  Fox News Insider



Login




Account


You're logged in as  

Profile
Logout











Search Site







Listen to Fox News Radio Live›


On Air Now ›
On Air Personalities ›
 





Home
Video
Politics
U.S.
Opinion
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
Sports
On Air





Previous Slide
Next Slide
























		U.S. HOME




		Crime




		Economy




		Immigration




		Disasters




		National Interest




		Terror




		Military




		Religion




		Education


















Town of West, Texas, recovers after plant blast kills 14, injures 200

By Mike Jaccarino
Published April 20, 2013FoxNews.com


















First responders among 14 dead in Texas





Shocking footage: Cell phone captures plant explosion





Massive plant explosion rocks Texas town






Officials now number the dead from a Central Texas fertilizer plant explosion at 14, while residents attempt to recover some semblance of normalcy in the 2,800-person town of West.
"The devastation is immense," said Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott of West, Texas, while another official added, "There are homes flattened. Part of that community is gone."
The explosion occurred around 8 p.m.  Wednesday and could be heard as far away as Waxahachie, a town 45 miles north. Flames spiraled into the evening sky and rained burning embers, shrapnel and debris down on frightened residents.
A member of the West City Council, Al Vanek, said a four-block area around the explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Plant was "totally decimated."
The Dallas Morning News reported that among the dead were at least 11 emergency responders, three of whom were training at the time of the blast to become EMTs. They valiantly rushed to the growing smoke plume that could be seen for miles around the small community of 2,800 people. It would be, as the paper said, "their last call."
"We know everyone that was there first," said Christina Rodarte, 46, a West resident of 27 years.  "There's no words for it. It is a small community, and everyone knows the first responders… all volunteer."
Other witnesses compared the scene to that of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing, and authorities said the plant made materials similar to that used to fuel the bomb that tore apart that city's Murrah Federal Building.
 
In addition to the dead, approximately 200 people were injured by the blast.
A spokesman at Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center in Waco said the facility received 98 patients, including five in intensive care. Another 30 have serious injuries, including orthopedic and head trauma.
Providence Health Center in Waco treated 65 patients from the explosion, admitting 12. A spokeswoman says those patients had broken bones, cuts, head injuries, minor burns and some breathing problems.
 
Two patients were also being treated at Parkland Hospital in Dallas.
Roughly 133 patients, including some in wheelchairs, were evacuated from the West Rest Haven Nursing Home, which was among the damaged buildings.
Up to 75 homes were damaged, as well as an apartment complex with about 50 units that was reduced to a "skeleton," one official said.
Erick Perez, 21, of West, was playing basketball at a nearby school when the fire started. He and his friends thought nothing of it at first, but about a half-hour later, the smoke changed color. The blast threw him, his nephew and others to the ground and showered the area with hot embers, shrapnel and debris.
"The explosion was like nothing I've ever seen before," Perez said. "This town is hurt really bad."
The explosion knocked out power and could be heard and felt for miles around. Lydia Zimmerman told KWTX-TV that she, her husband and daughter were in their garden in Bynum — 13 miles from West — when they heard multiple blasts.The USGS reported that the blast registered a magnitude 2.1, which is comparable to a minor earthquake.
Meanwhile, Friday afternoon, the owner of the plant issued a statement - his first public comment since the blast.
Donald Adair, owner of Adair Grain, Inc., praised the first responders and said the hearts of the company go out to everyone who has suffered. Adair also said one of the plant's employees died in the blast as a volunteer firefighter.
Fifty minutes after the fire at the plant began, an explosion was reported in a frantic radio call from the scene. Authorities said there is no indication that the blast was anything but an accident.
Sgt. William Patrick Swanton of the nearby Waco Police Department said he had no details on the number of people who work at the plant, which was cited by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality in 2006 for failing to obtain or to qualify for a permit. The agency acted after receiving a complaint in June of that year of a strong ammonia smell.
President Obama, in a statement released Thursday, thanked first responders in the "tight-knit" Texas community.
"I want to thank the first responders who worked tirelessly through the night to contain the situation and treat the wounded," the statement read. "My Administration, through FEMA and other agencies, is in close contact with our state and local partners on the ground to make sure there are no unmet needs as search and rescue and response operations continue."
Even before investigators released a confirmed number of fatalities, the names of the dead were becoming known in the town of 2,800.
Gov. Rick Perry told reporters during a press conference Thursday in Austin that the explosion was a "truly nightmare scenario" that likely affected every family in the small community.
Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives, said Friday that investigators were still combing through debris and would continue today. Until they're finished, she said residents cannot return to their homes and she had no timetable for completion of the agents' work.
Meanwhile, the mourning already had already begun at a church service at St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church the previous night.
Swanton said a "small amount of looting" has occurred near the blast site, but he did not provide additional details. He said looters are a "significant concern" to authorities and that at least one person suspected of being a looter was spotting running from a damaged home.
"The town is secure," Swanton added.
The U.S. Chemical Safety Board said it was deploying a large investigation team to West. American Red Cross crews from across Texas also headed to the scene. Red Cross spokeswoman Anita Foster said the group was working with emergency management officials in West to find a safe shelter for residents displaced from their homes.
In 2001, an explosion at a chemical and fertilizer plant killed 31 people and injured more than 2,000 in Toulouse, France. The blast occurred in a hangar containing 300 tons of ammonium nitrate, which can be used for both fertilizer and explosives. The explosion came 10 days after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in the U.S., and raised fears at the time it was linked. A 2006 report blamed the blast on negligence.
Click for more from MYFoxDFW.com. 
Click for more from FOX17.
Click for more from KWTX.
Fox News' Todd Starnes, Joshua Rhett Miller, The Associated Press and Reuters contributed to this report.








  Print
  Email
  Share
  Comments
Recommend
Tweet



Related Slideshow




Up to 15 killed, more than 160 injured in Texas fertilizer plant explosion






Share This Article













View Article



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.

You must login to comment.

View Article















Advertisement






Trending  in U.S.




1
	  		
	  		Dad of West Virginia boy arrested over NRA shirt says he'll fight punishment 





2
	  		
	  		Faith eyed as motive in marathon attack, as suspect communicates by writing 





3
	  		
	  		2nd child of Pa. couple dies after only praying 





4
	  		
	  		Boston Marathon bombing suspects spared carjacking victim because 'he wasn't American,' police report shows 





5
	  		
	  		Man's 'eat more kale' slogan gets 'preliminary no' after Chick-fil-A complaint 








See all trends›



Tax News

Tax News›








	  		
	  		Protecting Yourself from an IRS Audit 











		IRS to Close for 5 Days Due to Furloughs





		Spend or Save? What Should You Do with Your Tax Refund?












Bank rates



Mortgage


Home Equity


Autos


CD Rates








Loan Type
Graph
Rate
+/-
Last Week


30 Y Fixed

3.50% 
         	    
      

3.51% 
          


15 Y Fixed

2.74% 
         	    
      

2.77% 
          


30 Y Fixed Jumbo

3.94% 
         	    
      

3.95% 
          


5/1 ARM

2.62% 
         	    
      

2.66% 
          


5/1 Jumbo ARM

2.89% 
         	    
      

         			--
         
      
2.89% 
          



Find Personalized RatesSearch






Loan Type
Graph
Rate
+/-
Last Week


$30K HELOC 

4.92% 
         	    
      

4.98% 
          


$50K HELOC 

4.53% 
         	    
      

4.60% 
          


$30K Loan

6.24% 
         	    
      

         			--
         
      
6.24% 
          


$50K Loan

6.02% 
         	    
      

6.01% 
          


$75K Loan

5.99% 
         	    
      

5.98% 
          



Find Personalized RatesSearch






Loan Type
Graph
Rate
+/-
Last Week


36 M New

2.43% 
         	    
      

2.44% 
          


36 M Used

2.96% 
         	    
      

2.95% 
          


48 M New

2.58% 
         	    
      

2.59% 
          


48 M Used

3.13% 
         	    
      

         			--
         
      
3.13% 
          


60 M New

2.67% 
         	    
      

2.68% 
          



Find Personalized RatesSearch






Loan Type
Graph
Yield
+/-
Last Week


6 month

0.35% 
         	    
      

0.34% 
          


1 yr

0.52% 
         	    
      

0.49% 
          


5 yr

1.20% 
         	    
      

1.18% 
          



Compare Rates
1-year CD

1-year CD
6-month CD
3-month CD
5-year CD
1-year jumbo CD
Money Market Account
Jumbo MMA

Search











Advertisement















Also on the web

 








		Exclusive: Pakistani Doctor Who Helped Find bin Laden Must Re-Start Appeal



		Gun, Ammo Sales Surge After Boston Marathon Bombing



		Amazing Eyewitness Photos of Boston Shootout



		Accused Marathon Bomber Gains Fans Online



		UN Human Rights Official Says Boston Got What It Deserved




  








		Huckleberry The Pup Crowned 'Beautiful Bulldog'




		Man Shoots Self In Face With Harpoon, Survives




		Student's Alleged Prank May Have Gone Too Far




		LOOK: Man Finds Jesus In His Laundry




		Missing Nursing Student's Purse Dug Up By Dog





  








		Mi Cocina: Pernil Asado Recipe (Roasted Pork Shoulder)




		Mi Cocina: Pernil Asado Recipe (Roasted Pork Shoulder)   




		The Voice: Shakira Uncertain About Judging Season 5, Talks About Show’s Authenticity 




		Paraguay’s New President Apologizes For Anti-Gay Slurs 




		New York Yankees' Robinson Cano Linked To PED Clinic





 





Sections



Home
Video
Politics
U.S.
Opinion
Entertainment
Tech
Science
Health
Travel
Lifestyle
World
Sports
Weather







Shows



America Live
America's News HQ
America's Newsroom
Cavuto
Fox Files
Fox News Sunday
Fox & Friends First
Fox & Friends
Fox & Friends Weekend
Fox News Watch
Fox Report
Geraldo at Large
Greta
Hannity







 



Happening Now
Huckabee
Justice with Judge Jeanine
Red Eye w/ Gutfeld
Special Report
Specials
Studio B
The Cost of Freedom
The Five
The Journal Editorial Report
The O' Reilly Factor
War Stories







Tools



Live Video
Trending
uReport
Newsletters & Alerts
Blogs
Mobile
Podcasts
Radio
Fox News Store
Apps & Downloads







About



Careers
Internships - FNCU
Fox Around the World
Advertise With Us
Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Ad Choices
Contact Us
Email Newsroom
FAQ
Media Relations







Follow




  Facebook


  Twitter


  Google+


  LinkedIn


  RSS


  Newsletters












This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.	©2013 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.







