Before Texas plant exploded: What did regulators know? | TribLIVE

























Sign In or Sign Up  




Username



Password






Forgot your password?







Just Pay Half! 





Subscribe
Place Ad
TribStore
Buy Trib Photos
Jobs
Homes
Autos
Classifieds
SportsTalk
Contests


















Loading...



























 

















































 | 

USWorld




















Home
News
Investigative
Neighborhoods
State
Politics
U.S./World
Sports
Opinion/The Review
Business
A&E
Lifestyles
Obituaries



Nation
World
Middle East
Betsy Hiel























 Larger text
	

 Smaller text
	





Before Texas plant exploded: What did regulators know?




About The Tribune-Review

		The Tribune-Review can be reached via e-mail or at 412-321-6460.

		
		
Contact Us | 
		Video |
		RSS |  
		Mobile


Details


 What did regulators know? 
  • Despite being located within a short walk of a nursing home, school and residential buildings, West Fertilizer Co in central Texas had no blast walls and had filed no contingency plan to the Environmental Protection Agency for a major explosion or fire. 
 • In a 2011 filing with the EPA, the operators of West Fertilizer told regulators that a typical emergency scenario at the facility that holds anhydrous ammonia could result in a 10-minute release of the substance in gas form. The safety plan did not envisage any blast scenario. 
 • In a separate filing this year to the Texas Department of State Health Services, West Fertilizer disclosed that, as of the end of 2012, the company was also storing more volatile chemical compounds at the same address, including 270 tons of ammonium nitrate.        — Reuters 























Daily Photo Galleries






	
		
		


Thursday - April 18, 2013
	







	
		
		


Wednesday - April 17, 2013
	







	
		
		


Tuesday - April 16, 2013
	




Most Popular Nation






Chief: MIT officer ‘real deal’



Transcripts: Deputies didn’t kill barricaded L.A. officer



Mississippi River towns brace for flooding



Experts: Ricin like that in letters easy to make



Scope of lockdown unheard of for city



Before Texas plant exploded: What did regulators know?



Boy Scouts may lift gay ban for youths



Officials have image of potential suspect in Boston bombings



Ex-teacher, 75, likely to do life in grandson’s killing



News Alert







 Tweet









By Reuters



Published: Friday, April 19, 2013, 6:21 p.m.

Updated 2  hours ago




 HOUSTON — Despite being located within a short walk of a nursing home, school and residential buildings, West Fertilizer Co in central Texas had no blast walls and had filed no contingency plan to the Environmental Protection Agency for a major explosion or fire at the site. 
 It remains unclear what safety measures, if any, were required of the company or whether West Fertilizer failed to comply. 
 In a 2011 filing with the EPA, the operators of West Fertilizer told regulators that a typical emergency scenario at the facility that holds anhydrous ammonia could result in a 10-minute release of the substance in gas form. That chemical, used as a fertilizer, is toxic to inhale but is not considered highly flammable or explosive, and the safety plan did not envisage any blast scenario. 
 In a separate filing earlier this year to the Texas Department of State Health Services, West Fertilizer disclosed that, as of the end of 2012, the company was also storing more volatile chemical compounds at the same address, including 270 tons of ammonium nitrate. 
 The same type of solid fertilizer was mixed with fuel and used by Timothy McVeigh to raze the Oklahoma City federal building in 1995, killing 168 people. Sales of as little as 25 pounds of the substance are now tracked by the Department of Homeland Security. 
 Investigators said on Thursday they remained concerned about volatile chemicals that may remain on the site, posing further risk. One official, McLennan County Deputy Sheriff Matt Cawthon, said ammonium nitrate was found at the scene. It was not known whether the site used or stored the substance before 2012. 
 West Fertilizer is subject to EPA regulation because the quantity of ammonia it stores on site is more than 10,000 pounds. 



 Tweet













You must be signed in to add comments
To comment, click the Sign in or sign up at the very top of this page.

There are currently no comments for this story.





Subscribe today! Click here for our subscription offers.














More VideosVideo





















 













Newspapers
Obituaries
TribLIVE Mobile News
TribLIVE Mobile Sports
Pittsburgh Tribune-Review
PTR eTRIB Digital Replica
Tribune-Review
Blairsville Dispatch
Daily Courier
Valley Independent
Valley News Dispatch
Leader Times
McKeesport Daily News
Community Newspapers




Marketplace
Autos
Classifieds
Find Pittsburgh Jobs
Homes
Pittsburgh Pennysaver
Trib Store
Store Circulars
Photo Store




Features
Search
Today's Stories
RSS Feeds
Site Map
Contests
Events Calendar
Movie Showtimes
Bloggers
Video
Fantasy Sports




Your Town
YourCranberry.com
YourFoxChapel.com
YourMonroeville.com
YourNorthHills.com
YourNorwin.com
YourPennHills.com
YourSewickley.com
YourSouthHills.com
YourTwinBoros.com




Help & Services
Contact Us
Feedback
Subscriber Services
Subscribe to our publications
Commercial Printing
Place a classified ad
Print advertising
Pittsburgh Newspaper Group




Images and text copyright © 2013 by Trib Total Media, Inc.
            Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent.
Advertising Information |
			Terms of Service

 















