88.9 KETR | Your Station



Jump to Navigation









Support this station
News Destination

Listen Live
On Air Now



On Air Schedule
Programs
Events



 



KETR
Part of the NPR digital network


 
 











Home


News


NPR News


Local Interest


Blog: News and Culture Notebook


University News


Politics




Sports


The Big Friday Night Scoreboard Program


KETR's Locker Room




Local Programs


Notably Texan


Lions After Dark


Mary Clark, Traveler


Outdoors w/ Luke Clayton


Movie Picks w/ Alice Reese


The President's Perspective




About Us


Frequently Asked Questions


Our Hosts


Our Staff


History & Mission


Photos


Awards


Advisory Board


Links


Video Stream




Support


Give to KETR


IRA Rollover


Donate Your Car!


Become a Day Sponsor


Underwrite on KETR


Policies and Legal




Contact Us





 



Search form

Search 







 
 













Movie Picks with Alice ReeseBullock takes on space in new thriller





Blacklands CafeReligion: The rise of the 'nones'





Hopkins County'Worldwide Photo Walk' returns to Sulphur Springs






 



Trending now:Tomorrow's Water Today
Blacklands Turnpike
TransCanada Pipeline
Economy Story
The Blacklands Cafe




 
 






 

Now Playing



Loading streams...




 

Connect with Us

Find us on FacebookFollow us on Twitter

 

Podcasts & RSS Feeds



All ContentcloseNews podcastsUse iTunesUse a different playerRSS 
View all podcasts & RSS feeds 




 

Most Active Stories

Former Hopkins fire chief arraigned on theft charge
Explosion rocks power plant; none hurt
Public officials arrested in Alicia Moore case
Blue Twenty2's combine diverse influences to create own sound
Hall introduces bill to suspend salaries


 

KETR Contributors





Mark Haslett
News Director



Jerrod Knight
General Manager



Daniel Starks
Reporter, host of 'All Things Considered'



Cooper Welch
Reporter, host of KETR's Locker Room



Brad Kellar
Reporter



Cindy Roller
Reporter



John Mark Dempsey
Announcer/Reporter/Professor





 
 








New portrait honors legacy of Ivory Moore, Sr.
On Saturday, September 28, 2013, Texas AM University-Commerce unveiled the portrait of Ivory Moore, Sr., now showcased on the second floor of the McDowell











New portrait honors legacy of Ivory Moore, Sr.
On Saturday, September 28, 2013, Texas AM University-Commerce unveiled the portrait of Ivory Moore, Sr., now showcased on the second floor of the McDowell











For Obama And Boehner, No Sign Of Thaw In Frosty Relationship
President Obama and House Speaker John Boehner have had five years of fights and negotiations to learn how to work together.The relationship has had ups











Shutdown Showdown: Assessing Obama's Negotiating Tactics 
The government shutdown grinds on with no immediate relief in sight.President Obama says he's willing to talk with Republican lawmakers about adjustments











Some Online Journals Will Publish Fake Science, For A Fee
Many online journals are ready to publish bad research in exchange for a credit card number.That's the conclusion of an elaborate sting carried out by











 

Lead Story






Suspect Dead, Two Police Officers Injured In Chase At U.S. Capitol 
We last updated this post at 7:19 p.m. ET.A woman who authorities say tried to ram a security barrier outside the White House led the Secret Service and...Read more





 
 






Featured Program


Notably Texan 

Hear music by Texans of all genres all afternoon, plus feature interviews with  
Texas performers. Weekdays, noon to 3. Click for the latest playlist.



Latest Headlines

Blue Twenty2's combine diverse influences to create own sound
Jack Ingram on Houston, reality TV and truth in songwriting
Veteran Texas singer-songwriter Sara Hickman joins Notably Texan


 





 

Local News




 The Big Friday Night Scoreboard Program- Week 5 
 
 
  
 After a Bye last week, Commerce returned to action Friday night at Van Alstyne, as the Tigers tried to break a 3 game losing streak against a hot... 
   

 Greenville police seek missing teens 
 
 
  
 The Greenville Police Department has announced it is seeking two local teenagers reported missing Thursday. The following was issued by the police... 
   

 'Worldwide Photo Walk' returns to Sulphur Springs 
 
 
  
 The Fourth Annual Sulphur Springs Worldwide Photo Walk, sponsored by the Sulphur Springs Downtown Business Alliance, will be held 6-8 p.m. on Sat.... 
   

 Draw the bowstring and.... 
 
 
  
 Luke took his bow up to Palo Pinto County earlier this week for a short bowhunt on the Dale River Ranch. (www.daleriverranch.com)  
   

 Bullock takes on space in new thriller 
 
 
  
 Sandra Bullock is returning to the big screen alongside George Clooney as they take on the dangerous final frontier. When debris hits their space... 
   


more news 


 

Latest from NPR



  
 NYC Cockroaches Stick To Their Neighborhoods 
  
 Cockroaches, it just so happens, actually resemble humans, forming distinct groups and neighborhoods. Host Scott Simon talks to Mark Stoeckle of... 

 Baseball Swings Into Playoffs 
  
 Host Scott Simon and Howard Bryant of ESPN.com and ESPN The Magazine talk about baseball playoff winners and losers. Plus Alex Rodriguez files suit... 

 Children's Author Takes On The Dreaded Itchy Head 
  
 A new book by award-winning illustrator and author David Shannon sheds light on an uncomfortable but universal problem — head lice. He talks to host... 

 Does Capitalism Work? A True/False Quiz In Times Square 
  
 I'm walking through Times Square, the crossroads of the world. Just when I reach the line for cheap Broadway tickets, I see it: a giant billboard... 

 Audio Postcard: It's Spearfishing Season In Alaska 
  
 For one month each fall, residents of interior Alaska don chest waders and splash through the clear, frigid water of the Chatanika River. With large... 
 

more news 


 
 







Fall Membership Drive is on now!
Show your support for 88.9 KETR and ketr.org by becoming a new member today!

Click here...





 

Blacklands Café

 



            Religion: The rise of the 'nones'          



            37 Shakespeare plays in 97 minutes          



            Cottage-food law changes create opportunties, risks          



            Bob Brown's Book Club tackles 'Daring Greatly'          



            United Way campaign on the horizon          





 

Sports Headlines




 The Big Friday Night Scoreboard Program- Week 5  

 Academics just as important as athletics for Lions  

 Postgame notebook: Midwestern's misty escape  

 Lions' late rally falls short, 30-24  

 For third week, Lions face ranked opponent  


more news 


 

Local Interest Headlines




 New portrait honors legacy of Ivory Moore, Sr.  

 University to host 'Banned Books Week' event  

 Disc golf 'on course' in Sulphur Springs  

 Remember the Texans  

 9-11: Where were you?  


more news 


 

Local Shows Headlines




 Draw the bowstring and....  

 Bullock takes on space in new thriller  

 Catfishin' on the Mississippi River   

 Ron Howard brings Formula 1 to Hollywood  

 Guiding in the Colorado rains  


more news 


 

Blog Headlines




 Don Carthel's dismissal a loss for Lone Star Conference  

 Stunning video of Dallas shot by mini-copter  

 John Graves: The soft-spoken master of Texas literature  

 Keep lookin' up, 'cuz that's where it all is  

 Happy Birthday, United States of America  


more news 


 

State News Headlines




 One-third of criminal appeals court leaving office  

 Boater education courses target invasive species  

 Vets helping vets with mental health wellness  

 Pauken attacks Abbott for opposing airline merger  

 Cruz staging events across Texas  


more news 


 

Arts Headlines




 Blue Twenty2's combine diverse influences to create own sound  

 Jack Ingram on Houston, reality TV and truth in songwriting  

 Dallas radio legend Kidd Kraddick has died  

 KETR.org to share folk festival online  

 'Way, Way Back' and 'Mud:' Anti-blockbusters  


more news 


 
 




















88.9 KETR
NPRAmerican Public MediaTexas A & M



 
 







News
Arts
Blog
Business
Local Interest
Local Shows
News
Politics
Science
Sports
State News


ON AIR

Schedule
Programs
News
Music
Hosts



Inside

Listen
Sports
Support
Events
Studio Phone
			
800-882-KETR
903-886-5387






 

Events Calendar







Oct
5


KETR's Pick
Davy Crockett Festival

 At Downtown Honey Grove




Oct
5


KETR's Pick
Wolfe City Library Rummage Sale

 At Wolfe City Public Library




Oct
5


KETR's Pick
Paris Farmer's Market Mini Renaissance Day

 At Market Square, Paris Texas




Oct
5


KETR's Pick
Commerce Recycling Day

 At Commerce Wastewater Plant




Oct
5


KETR's Pick
Northeast Texas Initiative for Cooperative Development

 At TAMU-C Industrial Engineering & Technology Building/ Agricultural Sciences






 
 









©2013 88.9 KETR
Contact Us
On-Air Staff
About Us
Employment
Privacy Policy
Equal Opportunity
Open Records




 
 









