Lovehate Cat · TheJournal.ie


















TheJournal.ieTheJournal.ieTheJournal.ie 


Search site
Search






                        Dublin: 15 °C
                    


Tuesday 8 October, 2013

 





Homepage
IrishInternationalScienceEnvironmentLivingCultureAdverts.ie Jobs 

Trending:


strike


budget



RSS




love/hate cat


# lovehate-cat - Today’s News


Love/hate Cat


 Over 40 complaints lodged over Love/Hate cat shooting scene

1 hour ago

5,933 Views            

 108 Comments                
            


                Animal rights groups have been critical of the scene, which showed the animal being machine-gunned to death.         
 Share  Tweet  





















Your sayView more polls







Poll: Do you support the striking doctors?
THE COUNTRY’S JUNIOR doctors began their one day strike at 7am after efforts to resolve their dispute with the HSE failed.
More than 12,000 out-patient consultant appointments and 3,000 elective surgeries are cancelled. However, emergency departments are open.
The doctors want an end to 24 hour shifts, as set out under EU law, and a reduction of their working week to 48 hours.
Today we ask: Do you support the Irish Medical Organisation’s action?
Poll Results:Yes. They were left with no other option.No. They should try again to settle it through talks.I don't have an opinion either way.Vote


 Share  Tweet  176 











Opinion & Insight
Share your story: opinions@thejournal.ie




Column: The generosity of the Irish people makes me incredibly proud
By Ettie Higgins 

Ettie Higgins works to deliver lifesaving assistance to children and babies caught up in the violence across Syria. She tells of the ongoing battle to survive in almost impossible conditions faced by families. 



Column: NCHD working hours are part of a bigger picture for young Irish workers
By Dan Hayden and Dr Antoine Murray 

While the pressures on young doctors are unique, Government decisions have focused the worst effects of the crisis on workers who are 35 and under across all sectors, write Dan Hayden and Dr Antoine Murray. 




Column: What’s more important – borders or people? 
By Fr Bobby Gilmore

Hundreds are feared dead after a ship carrying asylum-seekers sank in the Mediterranean – yet many Europeans, who have endured histories of emigration, have simply hardened their hearts to the tragedy, writes Fr Bobby Gilmore. 




Column: Happy 60th Birthday to the science that makes transplantation work 
By Daniel M. Davis

Until Peter Medawar’s ground-breaking article 60 years ago, the idea of using one person’s body parts to save the life of another was little more than science fiction, writes Prof Daniel M. Davis. 




Column: Improve your prospects of getting a job in Ireland’s digital sector
By Stephen McIntyre

Ireland’s vibrant tech scene offers young Irish people a wealth of opportunities. Stephen McIntyre – Twitter’s Head of Sales/Operations for Europe, Middle East and Africa – shares some industry tips. 







            Dublin Weather
        
Change location







                    Tuesday                


                    Low clouds                

                    Max: 17 °C
                

                    Min: 8 °C
                



                    Wednesday                


                    Mostly cloudy, breezy and cooler                

                    Max: 12 °C
                

                    Min: 4 °C
                



                    Thursday                


                    Partly sunny and breezy                

                    Max: 11 °C
                

                    Min: 5 °C
                






Most Popular
Most Commented




Most Popular

Most viewed articles in the past 24 hours








                            Mental Health                        


                                TD who called Sinéad O’Connor ‘mad as a brush’ apologises                            










                            Help Us                        


                                What exactly does this road sign mean?                            










                            fizzy orange                        


                                How many people watched Love/Hate last night?*                            










                            so emotional                        


                                Dogs experience emotion at the level of a human child                            










                            Priory Hall                        


                                “Breakthrough” as Priory Hall residents are offered a deal                            









Most Commented

Most commented articles in the past 3 days








                            Late Late Show                        


                                Sinéad O’Connor believes music is being murdered                            










                            Mental Health                        


                                TD who called Sinéad O’Connor ‘mad as a brush’ apologises                            










                            column                        


                                Column: Making lewd remarks to women on the street is not ‘banter’                             










                            Referendums                        


                                AS IT HAPPENED: The Seanad is here to stay as referendum defeated                            










                            Decision time                        


                                Poll: Will you be voting today?                            










From BusinessEtc







                    Jobswatch                


Fewer professional positions on the jobs market last month












                    Business                


                        US government shut down hits Wall Street                    













                    Budget 2014                


                        Cabinet to discuss Budget 2014 adjustment today                    








From The Daily Edge







                    world of celebs                


Britney Spears and Aaron Paul want to dance together, bitch… it’s The Dredge












                    misery montage                


                        WATCH: Two Irish guys react to the X Factor                    













                    coffeetogo                


                        Is this terrifying stunt the best prank ever?                     








From The Score







                    Team news                


Ireland name 29-man provisional panel for International Rules tests












                    Prodigal Son                


                        Scouting report: Just how good has Andy Reid been this season?                    













                    Gaffer                


                        Jason Ryan front runner to be new Kildare football manager                    








News in Photos




 

 

 

 

 

 






News in Video




 

 

 

 

 

 




Submit news and pictures


Download our app























 


Trending Opinions








Column: The generosity of the Irish people makes me incredibly proud
Ettie Higgins 




Ettie Higgins works to deliver lifesaving assistance to children and babies caught up in the violence across Syria. She tells of the ongoing battle to survive in almost impossible conditions faced by families. 









Column: NCHD working hours are part of a bigger picture for young Irish workers
Dan Hayden and Dr Antoine Murray 




While the pressures on young doctors are unique, Government decisions have focused the worst effects of the crisis on workers who are 35 and under across all sectors, write Dan Hayden and Dr Antoine Murray. 









Column: What’s more important – borders or people? 
Fr Bobby Gilmore




Hundreds are feared dead after a ship carrying asylum-seekers sank in the Mediterranean – yet many Europeans, who have endured histories of emigration, have simply hardened their hearts to the tragedy, writes Fr Bobby Gilmore. 







Most Popular Today









                                1                            


TD who called Sinéad O’Connor ‘mad as a brush’ apologises



47,580 
                                    
349









                                2                            


What exactly does this road sign mean?



28,606 
                                    
83









                                3                            


How many people watched Love/Hate last night?*



28,217 
                                    
162














                                1                            


US government shut down hits Wall Street



8,798 
                                    
23









                                2                            


Fewer professional positions on the jobs market last month



3,665 
                                    
11









                                3                            


Bangladesh tragedy and horsemeat scandal put ethics on consumer radar



2,413 
                                    
6














                                1                            


Richardt Strauss out for the season with heart condition



11,840 
                                    
47









                                2                            


Full details of Giro d’Italia route in Dublin and Belfast revealed 



10,120 
                                    
19









                                3                            


7 reasons Nidge would be a great choice for next Ireland manager 



8,305 
                                    
5














                                1                            


Dogs experience emotion at the level of a human child



25,818 
                                    
117









                                2                            


14 things you’ll remember if you went to an all-boys school



22,646 
                                    
57









                                3                            


Sinéad O’Connor writes fourth open letter to Miley Cyrus



20,053 
                                    
137











Trending Tags




STRIKE






                                        Poll: Do you support the striking doctors?                                    



                                        3,000 Junior Doctors gear up for tomorrow’s industrial action                                    



                                        Unions to mount “intensive political campaign” against emergency financial law                                    





BUDGET






                                        “There is nothing easy left to do”: Howlin outlines the Budget challenges                                     



                                        Quinn on Budget 2014: ‘We want to minimise the suffering as quickly as we can’                                    



                                        Rabbitte: I believe adjustment will be lower than €3.1 billion                                    





HSE






                                        HSE to close children’s unit following inspection                                    



                                        Eleven breaches of patient data at HSE hospitals in six months                                    



                                        Vaccine reminder issued as HSE says 1,000 could die in severe flu season                                    





HEALTH






                                        Be Gentle With Me Ministerial Pic of the Day                                    



                                        World’s first malaria vaccine could be available for African children                                    



                                        Column: NCHD working hours are part of a bigger picture for young Irish workers                                    





IRELAND






                                        IRB appoints referees for Ireland’s November internationals                                    



                                        Unions unhappy with proposed pension cuts for Aer Lingus and DAA workers                                    



                                        Scouting report: Just how good has Andy Reid been this season?                                    





ENDA KENNY






                                        EU parliament votes for compromise deal on tobacco control                                    



                                        Taoiseach calls for no change to tobacco health warnings                                    



                                        Poll: Should the Taoiseach have taken part in a TV debate?                                    









About Us

About Us
We're Hiring!
Contact Us
Advertising



Follow Us

Twitter
Facebook



Corrections

Report Content



Policies

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Comments Policy
Copyright Policy



Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2013
                Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623.
                Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8.
            

Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy.
News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press.
Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.
Switch to Mobile Site
Sites:
                TheJournal.ie |
                BusinessETC.ie |
                TheScore.ie |
                DailyEdge.ie |
                Boards.ie |
                Adverts.ie |
                Daft.ie











Blow the whistle or share a story


Upload an image


Upload an image

cancel


Add an image URL

cancel




Upload a video |
				Add YouTube video


Upload a video

cancel


YouTube Address (URL):

cancel




Your email (optional)

Submit



Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie



Please log in to comment





















Please log in with facebook to Share
















Please log in





















RSS feeds available here:

TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed#lovehate-cat Latest News Feed 





Report an error, omission or problem:


Message:




Your Email (optional)



Submit








Create Email Alert
Create an email alert based on the current article

Email Address




One email every morning

As soon as new articles come online





Submit








TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition


Share stories with your friends and family easily
Comment without having to login
More features coming soon...


















