CC Sabathia not up to speed, but Yankees lefty says no big deal - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Yankees         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Yankees     
     CC Sabathia not up to speed, but Yankees lefty says no big deal Sabathia’s fastball never topped 90 mph Wednesday night, a trend that has now lasted four starts into his age-32 season.      NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Thursday, April 18, 2013, 1:39 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Andrew Theodorakis/New York Daily News 
	Yankees lefty CC Sabathia's velocity may be at a standstill.
        
	Welcome to the next chapter of CC Sabathia’s career.

	For the past dozen years, the big lefthander has been one of the most dominant pitchers of his generation, using a fastball that averaged 92-94 mph that he would hump up to 96 or 97 when he needed a big out.

	That pitcher might no longer be with us.

	Despite saying he felt like “didn’t have anything” when he took the mound Wednesday night, Sabathia grinded out the type of outing the Yankees have grown accustomed to during his four-plus years in pinstripes: eight innings, three runs, another win.

	“Smoke and mirrors,” he said with a laugh.

	But was it a joke with a trace of truth? Sabathia’s fastball never topped 90 mph, a trend that has now lasted four starts into his age-32 season.

	“I’m hoping some more velocity comes back,” Sabathia said. “If not, we’ll work with this.”
RELATED: HAFNER HR CAPS YANKS' COMEBACK WIN OVER D-BACKS
	Should the Yankees be concerned? Not if he keeps pitching the way he has in his past three outings.

	Sabathia took a matter-of-fact approach with his comments as he fielded one question after another about his lack of velocity. Where most power pitchers would shy away from the inevitable loss of a few ticks on their fastball, Sabathia was practically embracing it. There was no talk about it being early in the season, a common refrain heard in most of these cases.

	Instead, Sabathia spoke like a man who has been waiting for Father Time to catch up to him. More than 2,500 innings will do that, I suppose.

	“It’s reality,” Sabathia said. “I’m not going to lose sleep over it. I’ve been pitching for a long time. Eventually, it was gong to happen.”


Andrew Theodorakis/New York Daily News 
CC Sabathia gives up a two-run homer to Diamondback Paul Goldschmidt. 

	Only Mark Buehrle has thrown more innings since 2001 than Sabathia, although Sabathia’s 40,508 pitches since his debut are the most for any pitcher in the game. If all that work is finally catching up with Sabathia, is he due for a drop-off that will make the Yankees regret adding another year plus a vesting option to his $161 million contract two years ago?

	Based on the early results, it doesn’t look like it.

	Sabathia was admittedly terrible in the first inning Wednesday, needing 31 pitches to record the first three outs against Arizona. Paul Goldschmidt belted a two-run homer on a dreadful changeup to give the Diamondbacks a quick lead, making Sabathia consider abandoning the pitch for the rest of the night.
RELATED: YANKEES INSIDER: SWING FEVER FOR TEIXEIRA
	But Francisco Cervelli kept calling the pitch, so Sabathia kept throwing it. Seven innings and 77 pitches later, Sabathia was in the dugout watching Travis Hafner hit a pinch-homer, handing the southpaw his third straight victory.

	“You have to give him a lot of credit for sticking with it,” Sabathia said. “That was part of the game plan and we ended up getting some outs with it later in the game. It got better because I kept throwing it. I would have just left it alone.”

	Incredibly, Sabathia didn’t throw a single pitch harder than 89 mph after the fifth inning, yet he sat down nine of the 10 batters he faced over that span, throwing only 26 pitches to get through his final three frames.

	“It’s all about command,” he said. “One hundred percent.”

	Two weeks ago in Detroit, Torii Hunter said Sabathia was no longer the thrower he was in Cleveland, but rather a guy who has learned how to pitch with the best of them. If he’s going to throw like Greg Maddux or Mike Mussina, that better be the case.

	“I can pitch at this,” Sabathia said.

	Joe Girardi insists Sabathia’s velocity will continue to creep up, but on a night when his fastball never cracked 91, this may simply have been the new reality for the man who has won more games than anybody else since he broke into the league 12 years and 10 days ago.

	“It’s something everybody is going to go through,” Sabathia said. “We’ll see if this is my time.”
     
  Post a Comment » 

   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments       
    Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     4   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     5   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     6   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      7   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     8   Rockies romp way to three-game sweep of Mets     9   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     10   Feinsand: Sabathia not up to speed, but lefty says no big deal         1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     4   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      5   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     6   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     7   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     8   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     9   Rangers rally in 9th, win 2-1 to tie World Series     10   Ex-Yank Berkman gets back at Texas               Apr 19th, 9:53AM    Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast: Robinson Cano, Al Leiter & news on Derek Jeter     On this week's edition of the Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast, All-Star second baseman Robinson Cano talks with Mark Feinsand about carrying the               Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...        Daily News Pix - Yankees      Ruth, Gehrig, Mantle, Berra, DiMaggio, Ford, Hunter, Jackson, Mattingly, Winfield, Rivera, Jeter...the Daily News has legendary photos of the legendary Yankees. Own yours today.     Buy a Print           Sports Video



  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   