News' Madden finds Papelbon's cell phone in cab - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Yankees         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Yankees    
  News' Madden finds Papelbon's cell phone in cab      By   Bill Madden     / DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER    Monday, September 17, 2007, 4:00 AM                 Print            Print  Comment             In a bizarre set of circumstances, I got a "save" from Red Sox closer Jonathan Papelbon yesterday.
I hailed a taxi to take me to Fenway Park and happened to notice a cellphone lying on the seat next to me.
"Excuse me," I said to the cabbie, "But I think your previous passenger left his cellphone here."
"Oh my God!" he exclaimed. "He a ballplayer!"
"A ballplayer?" I said. "Was he with the Yankees?"
"No, no, he with the Red Sox," he replied.
"Did you get his name?"
"It was a long, funny name," he said, "beginning with a 'P.'"
"Papelbon?" I said.
"Yeah, yeah, That's him."
"Don't worry," I said. "I'm a sportswriter. I can get the phone back to him."
When I got to Fenway, the clubhouses weren't open yet so I headed up to the press box. As I was setting up my laptop, Papelbon's phone rang.
"Hello," I said, "Is that you, Jon?"
"Yeah," said the voice on the other end, "Who's this?"
"This is Bill Madden," I said, "with the Daily News in New York. I've got your phone as you can see. You left it in the cab that I took the ballpark."
"No way?" Papelbon said. "What a relief. I can't thank you enough."
"No problem," I said. "Just give me credit for a save."    Post a Comment » 

   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments       
    Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     4   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     5   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     6   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      7   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     8   Rockies romp way to three-game sweep of Mets     9   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     10   Feinsand: Sabathia not up to speed, but lefty says no big deal         1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     4   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      5   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     6   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     7   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     8   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     9   Rangers rally in 9th, win 2-1 to tie World Series     10   Ex-Yank Berkman gets back at Texas               Apr 19th, 9:53AM    Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast: Robinson Cano, Al Leiter & news on Derek Jeter     On this week's edition of the Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast, All-Star second baseman Robinson Cano talks with Mark Feinsand about carrying the               Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...        Daily News Pix - Yankees      Ruth, Gehrig, Mantle, Berra, DiMaggio, Ford, Hunter, Jackson, Mattingly, Winfield, Rivera, Jeter...the Daily News has legendary photos of the legendary Yankees. Own yours today.     Buy a Print           Sports Video



  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   