
				Explosion Toll Now at 60 Missing,14 Deaths & 200 Injured - WTAW | WTAW					





About Us
Contact Us
Schedule
Advertising
MyPhoto
 
Stay Connected

Latest Posts in RSS

NewsSportsInfomaniacsBravo Brazos ValleyAdvertisingFeatured StoriesInterviewsMyPhotoZone BlogHigh School FootballTAPB2012PodcastsZone InterviewsTAPB2013


Latest Comments in RSS
Follow us on Twitter Connect on Facebook 








 
























Home
News
Sports
Weather
Community Calendar
Infomaniacs
Bravo Brazos Valley
Interviews
 




Home » Featured Stories, News » Explosion Toll Now at 60 Missing,14 Deaths & 200 Injured			

Explosion Toll Now at 60 Missing,14 Deaths & 200 Injured

Posted by Bill Oliver
Featured Stories, News
Friday, April 19th, 2013


6:15 p.m. update:
WEST, Texas (AP) _ Officials offered reassurances for those concerned about the 60 or so persons listed as unaccounted for after a Central Texas fertilizer blast.
 
McLennan County Judge Scott Felton said Friday that many persons on the list are likely those who have lost their homes to the Wednesday blast at West Fertilizer. In his words, “I think we’re gonna eliminate 99 percent” of those listed as unaccounted for. He said there may be no people who are actually missing.
 
West Mayor Tommy Muska says he was living in a hotel because his home was destroyed, so he could be on the list of those still unaccounted for.
6 p.m. update:
WEST, Texas (AP) _ Texas Gov. Rick Perry says search and rescue operations have been largely completed in the small town where a fertilizer plant explosion killed 14 people and injured about 200 others.
 
Flanked by local officials, Perry told a Friday afternoon news conference that all affected buildings in West, Texas, had been cleared with possibly the exception of one burned home. 
 
Officials had said earlier that they had searched and cleared 150 buildings by Friday morning and planned to examine another 25 during the day.
3:15 p.m. update:
WEST, Texas (AP) _ Law enforcement official: 2 more bodies recovered after Texas blast, bringing death toll to 14.
2:30 p.m. update:
WEST, Texas (AP) _ Texas officials say they’re sending the remains of 12 people who were killed in a fertilizer plant explosion to the forensic lab in Dallas to be identified.
 
Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said Friday that he can’t say how many first responders died in West. But he said the 12 bodies all were found “in the area of the plant.” 
 
Wednesday’s fire and explosion at West Fertilizer Co. also injured about 200 people and destroyed 50 homes.
 
The name of one victim already has been released. Kenny Harris was a 52-year-old captain in the Dallas Fire Department who lived south of West. 
 
Dallas authorities say he was off duty at the time but responded to the fire to help.
Original story:
WEST, Texas (AP) _ A Texas law enforcement official says 12 bodies have been recovered following a massive explosion that leveled a fertilizer plant.
Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said Friday that about 200 people were injured in the explosion at facility Wednesday night in the small farming community of West, about 20 miles north of Waco.
Search and rescue crews have been sifting through the still-smoldering remains for survivors. That work continues. The blast crumpled dozens of homes, an apartment building, a school and a nursing home.
Authorities say there’s no indication that the blast was anything other than an industrial accident sparked by a fire. The company has been cited for apparently minor safety and permitting violations over the past decade.
Short URL: http://wtaw.com/?p=60735










						Posted by  Bill Oliver 
												on Apr 19 2013. Filed under Featured Stories, News.
						You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0.
												You can leave a response or trackback to this entry							
					





 


There are no comments, yet.
Why don’t you be the first?



Cancel Reply





































 
77845 (College Station Weather Forecast, TX)






Recent Videos: Fox News 













STAY UPDATED
News Sports Infomaniacs Bravo Brazos Valley Advertising Featured Stories Interviews MyPhoto Zone Blog High School Football TAPB2012 Podcasts Zone Interviews TAPB2013 

FEATURED LINKS

Brazos County
City of Bryan
City of College Station
Texas A&M University



ADVERTISEMENT









Bryan Broadcasting | 
		Candy 95 | 
		Zone 1150 | 
		KAGC 1510 | 
		Peace 107 | 
		Navasota News | 
		EEO



	© 2013 
	WTAW. All Rights Reserved. 
	Log in 













 - 
		


