BBC News - Boston marathon: More details emerge about the victims






       

                Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help      bbc.co.uk navigation   News   Sport   Weather   Travel   Future   Autos   TV   Radio   More…         Search term:             




US & Canada







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia
Europe
Mid-East
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video


























17 April 2013
Last updated at 14:17 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





Boston marathon: More details emerge about the victims




Latest


Map


Victims


Investigation


Survivor


Pressure cooker bombs







The identities of many of the victims are still to be released

Who are the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings? Details about the dead and wounded are still emerging.
The number of people treated in hospital has steadily climbed, with authorities on Tuesday saying more than 170 were hurt. 
But the death toll has remained at three: two women and an eight-year-old boy.  
Most of the damage was inflicted on spectators crowded near the finish line, rather than on runners. 
Martin Richard



Martin Richard was standing with his family, cheering the runners as they completed the race. The prime position near the finish line put him in the path of one of the bombs. 
Martin, eight, was the first person killed in the attacks to be publicly named. He was described as "kind, caring and loving" by staff at his former school. 
His younger sister Jane, six, suffered a serious injury to her leg, while his mother, Denise, sustained a head injury and required emergency surgery. In an emailed statement, Martin's father, Bill, wrote: "My dear son Martin has died from injuries sustained in the attack on Boston. My wife and daughter are both recovering from serious injuries. We thank our family and friends, those we know and those we have never met, for their thoughts and prayers."
Krystle Campbell 
The 29-year old Medford, Massachusetts woman was cheering from the sidelines as her boyfriend ran, according to Yahoo News. Her mother, Patty, shaking with emotion, told reporters: "You couldn't ask for a better daughter...I can't believe this has happened. She was such a hard worker in everything she did."









Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.





























Krystle Campbell whose mother said her daughter was "the best you could wish for"



 Her Facebook page lists her as a fan of the Boston's Fenway Park and television programme True Blood. "My daughter was the most lovable girl," her father told Yahoo. "She helped everybody, and I'm just so shocked right now." 
Lu Lingzi

Continue reading the main story “Start Quote
The consulate has contacted the two families and will provide all necessary assistance to them.”
End Quote
Chinese consulate

 Chinese media appalled

 The third fatal casualty of the bomb blasts was Chinese graduate student Lu Lingzi, according to officials at the Chinese consulate in New York. 
Old friends and Chinese state media said she was from the north-eastern city of Shenyang and is believed to have previously studied in Beijing.
She had been studying at Boston University and was an eager cook who liked to blog about her meals and share new recipes.
Boston University's website said she was one of three friends who watched the race near the finishing line.
One of her friends, named as Zhou Danling by Chinese TV, was wounded.  A statement from the university said: "Our hearts and thoughts go out to the family and friends of both victims."




More on This Story


Boston Bombs
	      






Manhunt updates Live

Live coverage of the developing events in Watertown, Massachusetts, where police have captured a man they say is the second suspect wanted for this week's Boston bombings.



Suspects




Internet detectives get it wrong




In pictures: Manhunt




Video evidence




US Muslims fear backlash




Life after limb loss




In pictures: Blasts




Eyewitness accounts




How secure are marathons? 







Video reports



Moment of Boston explosion Watch

The moment of the first of two explosions at the Boston Marathon was captured by television crews covering the event.



Obama: 'We will find out who did this' Watch




'Heightened law enforcement' Watch




Reporter films Boston explosions Watch




'I heard explosion after finishing run' Watch




Student heard 'loud booming sounds' Watch


















Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More US & Canada stories
RSS




Boston bombs suspect 'in custody'

The teenage suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings has been arrested after being found hiding in a boat in a backyard of a suburb, police say.



Texas explosion deaths rise to 14




US approves Dreamliner battery fix












Top stories



Boston bombs suspect 'in custody'


Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect Live


Serbia and Kosovo in landmark accord


Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro sworn in


Texas explosion deaths rise to 14









Features & Analysis




Forgotten village 

The community in limbo, with no police, bank or doctor  	
				  




Pipe dreams

How is it possible to build a tunnel for large ships? 	
				  




BP's Deepwater Horizon, three years on

A new way to explore the story in video 	
				  




Day in pictures

Twenty-four hours of news photos from around the world 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Tributes to Floyd artist Thorgerson



2: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect



3: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



4: 'Most Earth-like' worlds detected



5: Tanzania's Maasai battle game hunters for grazing land



Read




1: Gunfire heard amid Boston manhunt



2: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



3: Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China



4: Profile: The Tsarnaev brothers 



5: Who, what, why: Why build a ship tunnel?



6: Boston: Internet detectives get it wrong



7: Muslim Americans await the bomber's ID 



8: Texas explosion deaths rise to 14



9: In pictures: Boston manhunt



10: Pakistani police arrest Musharraf



Video/Audio




1: Boston suspects' father speaks out Watch



2: Shots fired in Boston bomber manhunt Watch



3: 'Bullet came through my wall' Watch



4: Smart glasses and other tech news Watch



5: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect Watch



6: Suspect's uncle: 'Turn yourself in' Watch



7: Boston Muslims react to marathon bombs Watch



8: World's oldest person turns 116 Watch



9: Pressure cooker clues to Boston bomb Watch



10: One-minute World News Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC



Scrubbing the skies 

Is capturing atmospheric carbon the most important thing we can do to save our planet? 















Programmes



Click Watch

Google reveals more about its smart glasses plus other tech news




















Services

 Mobile
 Connected TV
 News feeds
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
Media Action
Editorial Guidelines




    BBC links    Mobile siteTerms of UseAbout the BBC     Advertise With UsPrivacyBBC Help     Ad ChoicesCookiesAccessibility Help     Parental GuidanceContact Us       BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  








































    





