Memory of Boston College's Jay McGillis lives on in the hearts of NY Giants coach Tom Coughlin and other loved ones - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    College         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          College     
  Memory of Boston College's Jay McGillis lives on in the hearts of NY Giants coach Tom Coughlin and other loved ones Twenty years after Boston College safety Jay McGillis died of leukemia, his memory remains intertwined in countless lives, most notably Tom Coughlin's. In his name, Coughlin established The Jay Fund. It has allotted $3.5 million in grants to families suffering through cancer's financial costs.     By   Kevin Armstrong     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Saturday, June 30, 2012, 5:30 PM  Updated: Saturday, June 30, 2012, 5:30 PM                 Print            Print  Comment             
	Tom Coughlin’s Super Bowl XXV ring is visible atop shoulder of Jay McGillis (l.) in 1991 photo of Brockton, Mass., players at BC.
    Related Stories   NFL Draft 2013: In a draft loaded with offensive lineman, Luke Joeckel tops the draft board as Terron Armstead turns heads    Geno Smith isn’t great, but he’s good enough to be a first-round pick in NFL draft that lacks star quarterbacks    NFL Draft 2013: BYU’s Ezekiel Ansah drawing comparisons to Giants' Jason Pierre-Paul   With his dad, Big Ray Graham, in prison, Rutgers linebacker Khaseem Greene stayed the course and is now days away from NFL       Kevin Armstrong for New York Daily News  
	Jay McGillis' headstone
    
	BROCKTON, Mass. - The sun shone brightly on the morning of July 7, 1992, as mourners emerged from cars outside Our Lady of Lourdes Church, a red brick, one-story building with a pitched roof 20 miles south of Boston. It was a Tuesday following a tortuous holiday weekend. Family and friends, dressed in dark suits and black dresses, negotiated their way into narrow wooden pews. They genuflected and folded hands in prayer as Boston College safety Jay McGillis’ funeral mass commenced.

	McGillis, diagnosed with leukemia that November, died four days earlier. In seven months, he had lost 75 pounds, his red hair and, finally, his life. Resigned to death after his body rejected a bone marrow transplant from his oldest brother Michael, McGillis returned home for his final 48 hours, lying in bed, not speaking or communicating. Kathy, his oldest sister, sat to the left of his bed on the second floor of the family’s two-story house, holding his hand as he inhaled, then let out his last breath. Fireworks went off outside. She ran down the hall, opened her calendar book and penned an entry:

	“I will never let him leave my heart. Please stay with me forever Jay — I need you.”

	Supporters, including his coach, Tom Coughlin, then 45 and fresh off his first season at BC, a 4-7 campaign, had offered around-the-clock support. Now more than 3,000 gathered to remember the 21-year-old McGillis. From the 15th row, to the right of the altar, Fran Foley, BC’s director of operations, looked at Coughlin, a rigid, red-faced disciplinarian whose staff referred to him as “The Iron General.” When the mahogany casket was rolled down the center aisle, Foley’s eyes met Coughlin’s.

	“It was the first time I realized Tom was human,” Foley says.

	Twenty years on, McGillis’ memory remains intertwined in countless lives, most notably Tom Coughlin’s. Kathy keeps the worn, sweat-stained baseball hat her brother donned during chemotherapy, replete with the red hair he lost to the treatment. The No. 31 he wore at BC is quietly retired, worn only on senior day, and his wooden stall is still preserved in the locker room. In his name, Coughlin established The Jay Fund. It has allotted $3.5 million in grants to families suffering through cancer’s financial costs.



		 

		“I pray to Saint Jay because I believe he’s a saint,” Coughlin says.


	Coughlin has witnessed what he calls “Jay Miracles,” watching a boy with a brain tumor write poetry for him and a young lady live through cancer that spread to her spine only to survive and earn a scholarship. Around his neck, beneath his buttoned shirt, Coughlin wears a worn medal given to him by McGillis’ mother, Pat. St. Michael the Archangel marks one side, a Guardian Angel covers the other. Only the chain has been replaced over the years.

	Coughlin forged a unique relationship with McGillis despite not recruiting him. He felt a connection having come from similar middle-class roots in upstate New York. Following the funeral, Coughlin joined the procession to Calvary Cemetery. Once the casket was lowered into the grave, he returned to the family’s home on Harwich Street, a leafy dead end. Pat McGillis, who is also known as Sis, received Coughlin warmly. He asked to see her son’s deathbed.      1     2      3      4      5    Next Page     Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!               Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...      
  Sports Video



          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   