Volunteer firefighting force decimated in Texas fertilizer plant explosion - CSMonitor.com






 Skip to: Content
	Skip to: Site Navigation
	Skip to: Search



















Search







World


USA


Commentary


Business


Energy/Environment


Innovation


Science


Culture


Books










All USA
Politics
Elections
DC Decoder
Foreign Policy
Justice
Military
Society
Education
Sports
USA Update
Latest News Wires





				Sign up for FREE E-Newsletters: 
			 


Daily Top Stories
Weekend Edition
Change Agent
Books
BizTech
Opinion & Commentary
Politics
Food (Stir It Up!)
Science




 







Subscribe and save 75
%


 













Advertisements




















Volunteer firefighting force decimated in Texas fertilizer plant explosion

At least 11 firefighters – most of them volunteers – appear to have died in a huge explosion and fire at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, reports signal. Much of the nation relies on volunteer firefighters.

							By 
		
	
				
				
	Daniel B. Wood, Staff writer /
						April 19, 2013
		











Firefighters conduct a search and rescue operation at an apartment building destroyed by a huge explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, on Thursday. The blast killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, including three firefighters, officials said overnight.
LM Otero/AP


Enlarge
















Los Angeles


Early reports that at least 11 firefighters, mainly volunteers, are unaccounted for and believed killed in the massive fire and explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, Wednesday night are refocusing attention on the role of volunteer fire departments in the US, especially in rural areas.
Skip to next paragraph










In Pictures: Explosion at a fertilizer factory in West, Texas









Related stories






Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?





Texas fertilizer plant blast: Was it 'freak accident' that tore town apart?




Death toll rising in firestorm at Texas fertilizer plant; sabotage discounted (+video)



 Everyday heroes: 10 tales of American heroes










Subscribe Today to the Monitor
Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS ofThe Christian Science MonitorWeekly Digital Edition

 

So far, 12 people are confirmed dead and more than 200 injured, according to the Texas Department of Public Safety. Many of those killed and found in the vicinity of the explosion are believed to be first responders, according to the Dallas Morning News.For a small town, such a loss can be devastating. "Basically, the West VFD is without two-thirds of their members at this point," reported the State Firemen's & Fire Marshals' Association of Texas on its website on Friday. Of the 29 firefighters on the town's roster, five have died and 11 others are hospitalized with injuries, it reported.  			RECOMMENDED: 																																																																																										Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?  Very small towns depend on all-volunteer departments and, it turns out, so does the country as a whole. Forty percent of the US population is now protected by volunteer firefighters – saving taxpayers an estimated $130 billion annually.The national trend is that such departments are declining in size as the average age of volunteer firefighters is increasing. Because they are drawn from the pool of regular folks who populate the area – accountants, teachers, insurance agents, store clerks – odds are high that victims will be well-known by others on a first-name basis.The town “needs your prayers,” West Mayor Tommy Muska told reporters Thursday.  Want your top political issues explained? Get customized DC Decoder updates. Country music icon Willy Nelson announced that he will donate the proceeds from his April 28 concert in Austin to support the West Volunteer Fire Department.“West is just a few miles from my hometown of Abbott," he said on his web page. "I was born and raised here and it was my backyard growing up. This is my community. These friends and neighbors have always been and are still a part of my life. My heart is praying for the community that we call home.”Now a rural town of just under 3,000, West grew up around a fresh-water spring with the help of Czech immigrants. A crossroads of grocery stores, churches, schools, and doctors offices, the town just 20 miles north of Waco has been decimated by the fertilizer plant explosion that has leveled dozens of homes and businesses.

1 | 2


							Next
							






About these ads








Get free daily or weekly news updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today. 









 










Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today!
 




 USA




Boston Marathon bombings: tips for calming kids' fears after tragedies




 World




Former Palestinian prisoners once jailed for murder, now dole out dessert




 The Culture




American Idol: With time running out, did the judges use their save?




 Science




Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.




 Innovation




Google Glass tester? Don't dare try to sell your new toy.




 Energy/Environment




Nebraska hearing vitrifies Keystone XL pipeline debate  




 World




Rhino head heist: Half a million euros' worth stolen from Irish museum




 World




Israeli archaeologist finds common ground underneath Sinai's shifting sands




 Innovation




NASA Space Apps Challenge aims for worldwide collaboration





Making a Difference

Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver
 


Innovation

Data-driven HDTV comparisons
 


Autos

Data-driven car comparisons
 












Weekly review of global news and ideas
Balanced, insightful and trustworthy
Subscribe in print or digital

Special Offer

Print
Digital
 


 







About these ads 











Could you pass a US citizenship test? Find out.





Most viewed




Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?


Boston Marathon bombing manhunt liveblog: Dzhokhar Tsarnaev now in custody, en route to hospital


Opinion:
Boston bombing: Media haste makes mistakes 


Briefing:
Chechnya: How a remote Russian republic became linked with terrorism



			Not so KGB cool: Putin blows top at his cabinet in new video
	



 




In Pictures:



Drama continues to unfold after the Boston Marathon tragedy











CSMonitor.com on Facebook

 













Editors' picks:








Briefing
Chechnya: How a remote Russian republic became linked with terrorism
 Believed to be the ethnic home of the Boston Marathon bombing suspects, the mainly Muslim region's history is heavily shaped by its tense relationship with Russia. 

London Marathon organizers pledge to keep calm and carry on


USA Update

			Florist sued again for refusing to provide flowers for gay wedding
	


Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.


Boston Marathon bombings: tips for calming kids' fears after tragedies



 





About these ads 




Doing Good
 


What happens when ordinary people decide to pay it forward? Extraordinary change...




Paul Giniès is the general manager of the International Institute for Water and Environmental Engineering (2iE) in Burkina Faso, which trains more than 2,000 engineers from more than 30 countries each year.


Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver

Today 2iE is recognized as a 'center of excellence' producing top-notch home-grown African engineers ready to address the continent's problems.

 

 





Become part of the Monitor community






























About these ads



Home
About
Content Map
Contact Us
Subscribe
E-Readers
Text
Specials
Multimedia
Make Us Your Home Page


Careers
Corrections
Find us online
Advertise With Us
Articles on Christian Science



© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.
	





























 

 
 
 
 




