California hockey mom, guilty of sex with son’s teammate, granted mistrial in second case involving boy, 13  - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Crime         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Crime     
  California hockey mom, guilty of sex with son’s teammate, granted mistrial in second case involving boy, 13  Kathia Maria Davis, 45, was convicted last August of having sex in her Laguna Niguel house with  son’s pal, 16.      By    Nancy Dillon     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Friday, March 29, 2013, 5:11 PM  Updated: Friday, March 29, 2013, 5:12 PM                 Print            Print  Comment             
	Kathia Davis has been granted a mistrail in a case involving a 13-year-old boy.
   
	A horny hockey mom already convicted of sex with her son's 16-year-old teammate was granted a mistrial Thursday on charges she also fondled a 13-year-old player.

	The southern California jury deadlocked 10 to 2 in the follow-up trial because of a discrepancy in the 13-year-old's testimony, a juror told the Orange County Register.
RELATED: HOCKEY MOM ALLEGEDLY NETTED SON’S TEAMMATES  
	Last August, a jury convicted Kathia Maria Davis, 45, of four felonies related to the older boy but failed to reach consensus on felony sex charges related to the younger one.

	The divorced mother previously admitted she slept with her son's 16-year-old pal, claiming she thought the boy was 18 when they had consensual sex inside her Laguna Niguel house on multiple occasions between July 2010 and July 2011.
RELATED: FLORIDA COLLEGE ATHLETICS COACH BUSTED IN UNDERAGE SEX STING 
	She denied having sex with the 13-year-old boy, claiming she actually rejected his advances when he tried to kiss her while drunk.

	The jury last August found Davis guilty of plying both boys with alcohol.
RELATED: LONG ISLAND MIDDLE SCHOOL PRINCIPAL BUSTED FOR SEX WITH TEENAGER
	The second mistrial declared Thursday centered on prosecution claims that Davis had a sexual encounter with the 13-year-old for more than an hour in the same room as her sleeping children, The Register reported.

	It's not yet clear if prosecutors will seek a third trial.
RELATED: TEXAS PRINCIPAL ARRESTED FOR HAVING SEX WITH STUDENT 
	Davis faces a maximum of five years in prison for the previous convictions. Her sentencing is on hold pending resolution of the sex case involving the younger boy.

	The investigation began after the 16-year-old boy told his mother of the illegal affair, a spokesman with the Orange County Sheriff's Department previously said.

	"We received complaints that she was throwing parties for members of the hockey team and other friends of her son and providing them with alcohol," the spokesman told The Register.

	Both boys were members of the youth hockey team Beach City Lightning, the same team as Davis' son.

ndillon@nydailynews.com
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!               True Crime Stories  

      Justice Story: Chicago's 'Lady Luck' Catherine Cassler's dark run of death         Justice Story: 'Takes more than that to kill a Bull Moose'         Justice Story: The Yosemite Murders              Justice Story: Priest murders nun         Justice Story: 'Black Caesar' Frank Matthews           
 
            Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Florida couple starved girl, 11, down to 40 lbs.        2   Chechnya region is cauldron of Islamic militancy      3   Body found may be of missing Fresno teen Steven Humphry: Cops      4   Baby smothered so couple could have sex: cops     5   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      6   Twin killing     7   Army capt. attacked in middle of busy Walmart        8   JP Morgan analyst convicted of stalking beautiful co-worker     9   Boston Marathon bombing may be linked to domestic atrocity anniversaries: experts     10   Brooklyn boy, 12, stabbed repeatedly and left for dead         1   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      2   Chechnya region is cauldron of Islamic militancy      3   Body found may be of missing Fresno teen Steven Humphry: Cops      4   Florida couple starved girl, 11, down to 40 lbs.        5   Boston Marathon bombing may be linked to domestic atrocity anniversaries: experts     6   Police resume search for woman missing for 2 years     7   Baby smothered so couple could have sex: cops     8   Army capt. attacked in middle of busy Walmart        9   JP Morgan analyst convicted of stalking beautiful co-worker     10   Twin killing           

    Daily News Pix Crime      Murder Inc., the Five Families, John Gotti, 'Lucky' Lucchiano, Son of Sam... the Daily News has all the unforgettable crime photos you are looking for. Order yours today.     Buy A Photo           Crime Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   