Kentucky Derby 2011: The 137th Run for the Roses at Churchill Downs in Louisville - NY Daily News











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    More Sports         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
              Kentucky Derby 2011: The 137th Run for the Roses at Churchill Downs in Louisville          PLACE YOUR BETS! No Uncle Mo today, but there's still plenty of reasons to watch the 137th Kentucky Derby from famed Churchill Downs in Louisville. We've got the celebs, wild hats, mint juleps and much more. Oh, and there's a race, too.

Follow our galleries on Twitter @NYDNPhotos.  An early-morning ride to kick off Derby Day.  Kentucky Derby entrant Decisive Moment trainer Juan Arias holds his horse after morning workouts before the 137th Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs.  Karen Van Zant, from Broomfield, Colo., walks past the spires at Churchill Downs on Saturday morning.  It's good to be early ... but this early?  Amanda Lasater of Mason, Texas, checks the racing program ahead of the 137th Kentucky Derby. We recommend Jerry Bossert's guide!  Charles 'Derbyman' Matasich of Proctorville, Ohio, sits by the paddock is a regular at the Derby ... 44 years and counting!  Steam rises from racehorse Miss Havisham after receiving a bath in the stable area of Churchill Downs following her morning workout.  Skip Koepnick, from Wyoming, Mich., shows off his Derby hat. Honestly, not our favorite.  That's more like it ... now this is a hat!  Are you allowed to wear the same hat to the Royal Wedding and the Kentucky Derby?  Sarah Golden shows off her hat in the paddocks.  Eric Williams from Chicago looks like a guy who's gonna put some money down on Stay Thirsty.  Still five hours until post time, but spectators already gather in the paddock area before the first race of horse racing's Triple Crown.  Seattle's Jessica Bryan secures her spot in the infield.  This says Easter to us more than Derby Day, but all hats are welcome.  Gotta move fast to stay one step ahead of the growing crowd.  A little too cheesy for Churchill Downs? We say yes.  Johnnie Green, 54, of Louisville puts money on Midnight Interlude.  Ashley Marie Davidson wears her Derby hat at the paddock.  Here come the celebs! Singer Jordin Sparks joins the party.  Here comes the mint juleps! Stay thirsty ...  Hats off to ya'.  Bright and beauitful ... wasn't that a soap opera?  Pace yourself, pal. Still four-plus hours to go before the big race.  Understated, yet elegant.  Need a straw for your Mint Julep?  George Holtee, from Prairie Village, Kansas, wears a spires hat in the paddock area. He's the envy of all his friends.  Would it be mean of us to call her the bag lady?  Actress Melissa Biggs arrives for the 137th Kentucky Derby ... Hmmm, who is this? Can't place her, but a quick trip to IMDB.com shows she played "bikini girl" in the 2005 smash hit Sharkskin 6!  Nets coach Avery Johnson and his wife Cassandra make an appearance at Churchill Downs.  Now here's a celeb we know! Marisa Miller of SI Swimsuit Issue fame.  Jennifer Nelson of Louisville is ready for her extreme closeup ... we think.  It's Goose! Former Yankee Goose Gossage joins Louisville hoops coach Rick Pitino for some pre-race posing.  Actress Paula Patton of Jumping the Broom fame says hello to the waiting photographers.  Olympic champ Lindsay Vonn hits the Derby scene in style.  Maria Menounos, one of our all-time favorites, graces the Churchill Downs red carpet.  We like Maria so much we are giving her a second slot in our Derby gallery.  Erin Andrews ... need we say more?  Maria Bermudez of Louisville covers her hat with plastic ... hopefully this is just a precautionary measure. We don't want rain to ruin the day.  Hats off to Zac Buddenberg off San Diego. He's not a celeb in case you were wondering.  Not all hats are created equal. This effort gets a big Charlie Sheen-style #fail.  Two words ... old school.  As the big race gets closer it's time to do a little homework with the racing program before getting in those final bets.  Forget the blue bloods and the celebs, the real action takes place in the infield.  Now this is a party we can get excited for.  Oh, and there's also a little horse race going on today.  John Velazquez riding Animal Kingdom (16) passes Nehro and Shackleford en route to victory in the 137th Run for the Roses.  It's only the fifth-career start for the 3-year-old colt.  Animal Kingdom races past the Twin Spires and into Kentucky Derby history.  John Valazquez walks with his son Michael to the winner's circle.  John Valazquez and Animal Kingdom celebrate with the famed bed of roses.  And that's a wrap from the 137th Kentucky Derby.      Published: 05/7/2011 8:17:12           PLACE YOUR BETS! No Uncle Mo today, but there's still plenty of reasons to watch the 137th Kentucky Derby from famed Churchill Downs in Louisville. We've got the celebs, wild hats, mint juleps and much more. Oh, and there's a race, too.

Follow our galleries on Twitter @NYDNPhotos.     Next Previous               Latest Galleries   Most Popular            The hottest NBA WAGs      These girls are a slam dunk! Check out the wives and girlfriends of NBA superstars.           Pat Summerall: 1930-2013      Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.           MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day      Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers           New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013      Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.               Manhunt for Boston Marathon bombing suspects      The intense manhunt for the remaining Boston Marathon bombing suspect at large has come to an end. Dzhokhar A. Tsarnaev, 19, of Cambridge was captured alive hiding in a boat in the backyard of a Water...           Celebrities going braless      No bra, no problem! Check out which celebs we spotted going bra-free while out on the town.           West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion      A huge explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas ignited a fire and injured at least 160 people on April 17, 2013.           Beyonce's Mrs. Carter World Tour      Check out the racy ensembles Beyonce has donned while taking the stage for her Mrs. Carter World Tour.         

             
Other Stories



   


             





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   