Texas fertilizer plant blast injures dozens - Business  - Boston.com






 









  Listen Live





Boston.com














Home


Today's Globe


News


Your Town


Business


Sports


Lifestyle


A&E


Things to do


Travel






Cars


Jobs


Real Estate









Technology


Health care


Markets


Personal Finance


Retirement


Blogs


The Hive



















Home
/


business
/


news















Texas fertilizer plant blast injures dozens






By JOHN L. MONE and BETSY BLANEY

									Associated Press / 
									April 17, 2013
											




E-mail
|


Print
|


Reprints
|



Text Size:

–
+





























E-mail





E-mail this article






To:
Invalid E-mail address

Add a personal message:(80 character limit)

Your E-mail:
Invalid E-mail address






Sending your article


Your article has been sent.














WEST, Texas (AP) — An explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco Wednesday night injured dozens of people and sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin and causing major damage to surrounding buildings.


The blast at West Fertilizer in West, a community about 20 miles north of Waco, happened shortly before 8 p.m. and could be heard as far away as Waxahachie, 45 miles to the north.


There was no immediate word from officials about fatalities or the severity of the explosion, as Texas Gov. Rick Perry said state officials were also waiting for details about the extent of the damage.


‘‘We are monitoring developments and gathering information as details continue to emerge about this incident,’’ Perry said in a statement. ‘‘We have also mobilized state resources to help local authorities. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of West, and the first responders on the scene.’’


But aerial footage showed fires still smoldering in the ruins of the plant and in several surrounding buildings, and people being treated for injuries on the flood-lit local football field, which had been turned into a staging area for emergency responders.


Debby Marak told The Associated Press that when she finished teaching her religion class Wednesday night, she noticed a lot of smoke in the area across town near the plant, which is near a nursing home. She said she drove over to see what was happening, and that when she got there, two boys came running toward her screaming that the authorities ordered everyone out because the plant was going to explode.


She said she drove about a block when the blast happened.


‘‘It was like being in a tornado,’’ Marak, 58, said by phone. ‘‘Stuff was flying everywhere. It blew out my windshield.’’


‘‘It was like the whole earth shook.’’


She drove 10 blocks and called her husband and asked him to come get her. When they got to their home about 2 miles south of town, her husband told her what he'd seen: a huge fireball that rose like ‘‘a mushroom cloud.’’


More than two hours after the blast, there were still fires smoldering in what was left of the plant and in others burning nearby. The roof of what appeared to be a housing complex of some kind had collapsed. In aerial footage from NBC’s Dallas-Fort Worth affiliate, KXAS, dozens of emergency vehicles could be seen amassed at the scene. Entry into West was slow-going, as the roads were jammed with emergency vehicles rushing in to help out.


Authorities set up a staging area on the local high school’s football field, which was lit up with floodlights. Ambulances and several dozen injured people could be seen being taken away or seated in wheelchairs as they are treated and await transport.


Department of Public Safety troopers were using their squad cars to transport those injured by the blast and fire at the plant in West, a community north of Waco, Gayle Scarbrough, a spokeswoman for the department’s Waco office, told television station KWTX. She said six helicopters were also en route to help out.


Glenn A. Robinson, the chief executive of Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center in Waco, told CNN that his hospital had received 66 injured people for treatment, including 38 who were seriously hurt. He said the injuries included blast injuries, orthopedic injuries, large wounds and a lot of lacerations and cuts. The hospital has set up a hotline for families of the victims to get information, he said.


Robinson did not immediately return messages from the AP.


American Red Cross crews from across Texas were being sent to the site, the organization said. Red Cross spokeswoman Anita Foster said the group was working with emergency management officials in West to find a safe shelter for residents displaced from their homes. She said teams from Austin to Dallas and elsewhere are being sent to the community north of Waco.


A West Fire Department dispatcher said any casualties would be transported to hospitals in Waco, which is about 90 miles north of Austin.


The explosion knocked out power to many area customers and could be heard and felt for miles around.


Brad Smith, who lives 45 miles north of West in Waxahachie, told the station that he and his wife heard what sounded like a thunderclap.


Lydia Zimmerman, told KWTX that she, her husband and daughter were in their garden in Bynum, 13 miles from West, when they heard multiple blasts.


‘‘It sounded like three bombs going off very close to us,’’ she said.


Rafael Abreu, a geophysicist with National Earthquake Information Center of the U.S. Geological Survey, said the explosion did not register on a seismograph because most of the blast’s energy dissipated in the atmosphere.Continued...





























LOG IN TO COMMENT

							Sorry, we
							could not find your e-mail or password.
							
							Please try again, or click
							here
							to
							retrieve your password.

						





Existing users





*
											E-mail:
										






*
											Password:
										




*
											Screen name:
										


(*
												fields are required)






Login






Forgot your
													password?








New users

						Please take a minute to register. After you register and pick a
						screen name,
						you can publish your comments everywhere on the site.
						Posting Policy
						.
						


Register




















		Your comment is
		subject to the rules of our
		Posting Policy

		This comment may appear on your public
		profile.
		Public
			Profile FAQ








More articles in Business news


















Stay connected

By e-mail
Sign up for Business Updates by e-mail

On Twitter


On LinkedIn





Advertisement










All Twitter accounts





Inside Boston.com
Chaos overnight 

The second Marathon bombing suspect was captured by police

Boston on lockdown 

Boston and other communities were empty during the manhunt

Were you there? 

Click on the map, find where you were, tell us what you saw

What did you see last night? 

Tell us what you saw or heard in Cambridge or Watertown



Plus...Blogs
|Crossword
|Comics
|Horoscopes
|Games
|Lottery
|Caption contest
|Today in history












































Home
Today's Globe
News
Business
Sports
Lifestyle
A&E
Things to Do
Travel
Cars
Jobs
Real Estate
Local Search






Contact Boston.com
Help
Advertise
Work Here
Privacy Policy
Your Ad Choices
Terms of Service
Newsletters
Mobile
RSS Feeds
Sitemap




Contact the Boston Globe
Subscribe
Manage Your Subscription
Advertise
Boston Globe Insiders
The Boston Globe Gallery
© 2013 NY Times Co.





















































