NY Giants vs. NY Jets not as intense in preseason, but foundation of rivalry is there - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Giants         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Giants     
  NY Giants vs. NY Jets not as intense in preseason, but foundation of rivalry is there Big Blue punter Steve Weatherford, formerly of Gang Green, has seen both sides of the longtime clash.     By   Ebenezer Samuel     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Tuesday, August 14, 2012, 2:09 AM  Updated: Tuesday, August 14, 2012, 2:09 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            DANIEL GONCALVES/CSM /Landov 
	Giants punter Steve Weatherford has no love for his former team - the New York Jets
    Related Stories   Victor Cruz can learn from Steve Smith's saga with the NY Giants, wide receiver needs to take the money and security that comes with it   NY Giants want to take a closer look at dual-threat QB Pat White as ex-West Virginia star looks to resurrect NFL career    Source: Washington Redskins QB Robert Griffin III has surgery to repair both ACL and LCL in his right knee   Washington Redskins' Robert Griffin III is headed for knee surgery, according to report       
	ALBANY — His teammates downplayed any signs of a rivalry. They pointed out that NFC East games matter more, and that they are focused on themselves and not their opponents.

	But Giants punter Steve Weatherford isn’t having it. Yes, there are more important things than Saturday’s preseason clash against the Jets at MetLife Stadium. But don’t try to say this isn’t a rivalry game.

	“Maybe that’s because I used to wear that other jersey,” said Weatherford. “They share the city with us. And when you have bragging rights in your own city — especially in New York City — that’s a pretty big deal.

	“Although getting a win in our division is worth one-and-a-half (wins), beating the Jets is pretty sweet.”

	It's especially sweet for Weatherford, who spent two seasons with the Jets, then listened to Gang Green special teams coach Mike Westhoff question his performance after he joined the Giants in 2011.

	And it was especially sweet last season. When the Giants and Jets clashed on Christmas Eve, both teams were clinging to faint playoff hopes. But the Giants left that “away” game with a 29-14 victory, touching off a six-game win streak that carried them to the Lombardi Trophy.

	“Without the Jet game, without the fire that emerged from that one, there would have been no opportunity for all those other good things to happen,” Tom Coughlin said.

	“That was kind of what started the avalanche of wins for us,” Weatherford added.

	The pivotal play? Victor Cruz’s 99-yard TD catch and run in the second quarter, a play that gave the Giants a 10-7 lead and a “boost of confidence” that Weatherford said they never lost.

	“And we were able to parlay that into putting a lot of road wins together,” the punter said.

	This preseason game won’t have anywhere near those same ramifications, and the trash talk won’t be nearly as explosive, Weatherford said. He doesn’t know how much jawing the team in Cortland will do this week, but he does know that his own club won’t yap too much.

	Weatherford said his Giants would “love to beat” Gang Green. But they also plan to focus on their own “corrections” after a Week 1 preseason loss in Jacksonville.

	“I think at this point in the season, everybody is so focused and concentrated on themselves right now,” Weatherford said.

WATCH: Ralph Vacchiano breaks down the Giants
   
  Post a Comment » 





   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments      
 

    Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Giants schedule released: Another Manning Bowl     2   Cruz's time as a restricted free agent running out     3   Reese: With or without Cruz, Giants will be ready     4   Tuck only worried about seeing Cruz for opener     5   Coughlin to critics: 'Line up and kiss my a**'     6   Lupica: Summerall was one Giant of a man     7   JPP has a Giant message: 'We can't BS around this year'     8   Giants get Super rings, aim to be dynasty     9   Cooper opens up on growing up Manning     10   Coughlin not sold on Giants drafting Te'o         1   Giants schedule released: Another Manning Bowl     2   Cruz's time as a restricted free agent running out     3   Reese: With or without Cruz, Giants will be ready     4   Rex, future don't concern Coughlin     5   Giant voices won't hit Cough button     6   A Giant safety concern in Phillips      7   Big Blues for Coughlin's Giants     8   Giants GM calls all the right shots     9   Vacchiano:  Jacobs’ Giant opportunity might be his last one      10   Giants don't need bait for Dolphins               Apr 19th, 10:22AM    Time running out on Cruz's free agency     The clock is ticking on Victor Cruz’s tenure as a “restricted free agent,” and in just a few hours the odds of him being a Giant in 2013 are       Apr 18th, 8:05PM    Manning Bowl III is highlight of Giants 2013 regular season schedule     
	Eli Manning got his Manning Bowl wish.

	The Giants quarterback knew he would get a chance to settle his brotherly grudge match with Peyton       Apr 18th, 7:56PM    Giants 2013 schedule released     Preseason Schedule
 
Saturday, Aug. 10 at Pittsburgh, 7:30 p.m.
 
Sunday, Aug. 18 vs. COLTS, 7 p.m.
 
Saturday, Aug. 24 vs. JETS, 7 p.m.
 
              Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...           


Daily News Pix Giants

GIANTS 

Own a piece of Big Blue history with an iconic Daily News photo of the New York Giants.See More Here »




  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   