West Fertilizer Co. had spotty regulatory history, records show - latimes.com











Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad





 





Nation





HOME


Breaking


Photos


Video


Crime


Obituaries


Weather


Traffic


Crosswords


Sudoku


Horoscopes


Apps




Local


L.A. Now


Politics


Crime


Education


O.C.


Westside


Neighborhoods


Environment


Obituaries


Data & Maps




U.S.


Politics


Nation Now


Politics Now


Top of the Ticket


Science


Science Now


Obituaries


Religion




World


World Now


Afghanistan war


Africa


Americas


Asia


Europe


Middle East




Business


Money & Co.


Technology


Highway 1


Company Town


Personal Finance


Jobs


Real Estate


Cars




Sports


Sports now


Lakers


Clippers


Dodgers


Angels


NFL


Kings


NHL/Ducks


USC


UCLA


Preps


Scores




Entertainment


Awards: The Envelope


Movies


TV


Music


Celebrity


Arts & Culture


Industry


Critics' Picks


Comics




Health


Booster Shots


Science Now


Medicine


Fitness & Nutrition


Mental Health


Health Reform




Living


Home


Food


Image


Books


L.A. Affairs


Comics


Reader Photos




Travel


SoCal


California


Mexico


Hawaii


Las Vegas


Europe


Asia


Australia


Travel & Deal Blog




Opinion


Editorials


Op-Ed


Letters


Opinion L.A.


Readers' Rep


Endorsements




Shop


Weekly Circulars


Offers & Deals


Coupons


Daily Deals


Travel Offers


LA Times Product


Sports Gear


Photos




Membership Services


Jobs


Cars


Real Estate


Subscribe


Rentals


Weekly Circulars


Custom Publishing


Place Ad












TRENDING NOW


Boston bombings


Texas explosion


Festival of Books


Monrovia fire


Bird Flu


Coachella
























Advanced Search



Advanced Search
X







include all of these words: 
include any of these words: 
include this exact phrase: 
exclude: 

 Select a date range


this week
past 30 days
past 3 months
past year




 Create a custom date range

From: 
To: 




















West Fertilizer Co. had spotty regulatory history, records show











Comments

11






















                                            The West, Texas, fertilizer facility where an explosion occurred Wednesday had several regulatory violations, records show. Above, mangled metal and crushed vehicles at West Fertilizer Co.  
                                                (Paul Moseley / Associated Press / April 18, 2013)








Also















By Ricardo Lopez
April 18, 2013, 4:03 p.m.




The West, Texas, fertilizer plant destroyed by a massive explosion has paid nearly $8,000 to at least two regulatory agencies for safety and transportation violations, records show.

West Fertilizer Co. paid $5,250 last year to the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration over violations discovered in 2011, according to records reviewed by the Los Angeles Times.
A federal inspector found three violations at the fertilizer facility that included transporting anhydrous ammonia without a security plan and carrying it in tanks that were improperly labeled, records show.
PHOTOS: Fertilizer plant explodes in West, Texas
The agency fined the company $10,100 – reducing the fine by $1,400 for corrective actions taken by the fertilizer facility’s manager. In the end, the company paid the $5,250 after taking further corrective actions.
“PHMSA finds that the foregoing corrective actions have corrected the violations outlined in the notice and no further corrective actions are required,” records show.  
The plant, described in regulatory filings as a storage facility, exploded Wednesday, flattening nearby homes and businesses. The blast left as many as 40 people dead and dozens wounded in the small town of West, 20 miles north of Waco.
Massive rescue efforts were underway Thursday as officials combed through debris for survivors and bodies.
In 2006, the facility was fined $2,300 by the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency for not having a risk management program in place, records show. 
The company settled with the environmental agency in August 2006 without admitting liability, records show.
In its 2011 risk management plan filed with the environmental agency, company officials said they had steps in place to prevent the accidental release of anhydrous ammonia.
The facility sold fertilizers directly to farmers, according to regulatory filings retrieved through a website run by the Center for Effective Government.
The safety plan, filed in June 2011, said the worst-case scenario would be "the release of the total contents of a storage tank released as a gas over 10 minutes."
Filed by the company's general manager, the risk management plan indicated that there hadn't been an accident at the warehouse facility in the last five years.
The filing also listed an alternative release scenario "based on the most likely potential incident," which it described as "a release from a break in a transfer hose," company officials wrote.
To prevent that, the facility had pressure relief valves in place.
"Safety improvement is an ongoing process at the facility," officials wrote.
The fertilizer storage and retail facility was also investigated in 2006 by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality for a "very bad" smell, state records show.
That complaint was filed in June 2006, and it is unclear from documents what regulatory actions were taken.
Officials wrote in the complaint that the "ammonia smell [was] very bad last night from fertilizer plant, [and] lingered until after they went to bed."
The investigation was resolved and the company appeared to be cited for "failure to obtain a permit," but records don't indicate whether the plant's owners faced a fine.
West Fertilizer Co. was founded in 1958, according to records obtained from Dun & Bradstreet, a business information firm.
The company, owned by Donald R. Adair, 83, listed eight employees at the plant, which D&B described as a warehouse for nitrogenous fertilizers.
The firm reported annual sales of $4 million in 2012.
ALSO:
Texas explosion: Two families, two frantic searches for relatives
West, Texas, mayor says 35 to 40 dead in fertilizer plant explosion
Many shelters empty as Texas evacuees seek out friends and family
ricardo.lopez@latimes.com





Copyright © 2013, Los Angeles Times












Comments

11





















 












Comments (11)
Add / View comments | Discussion FAQ




mark90045 at 12:12 PM April 19, 2013
					
					
                As the great and very red state of Texas has reformed its workers compensation system so as to permit employers like West Fertilizer to "opt out" of its workers compensation system and, at the same time "reformed" its tort system so as to make it virtually impossible for working class people to get to court against big business it's going to be real interesting to see who foots these bills.At the same time, watching antigovernment Rick Perry beg for federal disaster assistance is indeed something to behold and would be hilarious if it weren't so tragic.This is what it really means to "starve the beast/shrink government"



mark90045 at 12:11 PM April 19, 2013
					
					
                As the great and very red state of Texas has reformed its workers compensation system so as to permit employers like West Fertilizer to "opt out" of its workers compensation system and, at the same time performed its tort system so as to make it virtually impossible for working class people to get to court against big business it's going to be real interesting to see who foots these bills.At the same time, watching antigovernment Rick Perry beg for federal disaster assistance is indeed something to behold and would be hilarious if it weren't so tragic.This is what it really means to "starve the beast/shrink government"



RainbowGurl at 7:22 PM April 18, 2013
					
					
                I'll bet that if it were a restaurant (with comparable safety violations) instead of a fertilizer plant, it would have been shut down by the health department ages ago.
















Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.



















Connect







Recommended on Facebook






















Follow @latimes










Advertisement








Your Hosts


As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal

Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce

























Photos: Coachella music festival: Weekend 2






 Plaschke: Lakers playoff vibe could mean bad things






After a long fall, Antelope Valley is back on upswing






Boston bombings: Social media spirals out of control







































Photos of the Week
More »




























Most Viewed
Latest News















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Gun legislation failure dismays survivor of Texas mass shooting
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.


Clippers' Jamal Crawford is at mission control in playoff opener
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.



















In immigrant-rich Cambridge, arrest baffles locals
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:28 a.m.


Arrest capped an extraordinary day for Watertown police
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:24 a.m.


An outpouring in West after explosion at fertilizer plant
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Two more in a wave of Dodgers losses
 - L.A. Times - Sports
04/21/2013, 12:05 a.m.


Connecticut gun makers demand apology from governor
 - L.A. Times - National News
04/21/2013, 12:00 a.m.






























Video













 












Timeline: The hunt for the Boston bombing suspects





L.A. Walks: Santa Monica Beach, with a power-up option





Mobile guide: Coachella 2013 On-the-go 





Photos:  Rock and Roll Hall of Fame 2013 ceremony 





Photos:  Kelley Blue Book's 10 best 'green' cars for 2013 



















Corrections




The Envelope




Media Kit




About Us




Contact Us




Site Map














Burbank Leader
Coastline Pilot
Daily Pilot
Huntington Beach Independent
News Press
Pasadena Sun
Valley Sun
KTLA
Hoy


Baltimore Sun
Chicago Tribune
Daily Press
Hartford Courant
Los Angeles Times
Orlando Sentinel
Sun Sentinel
The Morning Call


Terms of Service
Privacy Policy
About Our Ads
Copyright 2013










A Tribune Newspaper website







































