The Wire: Devastating Texas blast; Obama in Boston; oddball ricin suspect; man's manhood severed; naked prowler - San Jose Mercury News







Part of the Bay Area News Group















eEdition / Subscriber Services
Mobile | 
				Mobile Alerts | 
				RSS













NEWS

photo galleries
breaking news
elections
obituaries
crime and courts
bay area news
data center
science / environment
earthquakes
Politics - Local /State
Politics - National
california
nation / world
special reports
education
traffic
weather
weird news



PHOTOS

news photos
tech photos
sports photos
entertainment photos
living photos
images of the day



BUSINESS

real estate
green energy
special reports
financial markets
personal finance
venture capital
drive / automotive
sectors
press releases
top workplaces



TECH

news
opinion
sectors
companies
personal tech



SPORTS

49ers
raiders
giants
a's
sharks
warriors
olympics high schools
colleges
cal
stanford
SJSU
SCU
quakes
sabercats
golf
other sports
scores / stats
buy team gear



ENTERTAINMENT

celebrities
restaurants
movies
television
music
horoscopes
comics
puzzles / games
video games
lottery
events
theater / dance
museums / galleries
books 


LIVING

food & wine
health
home design / garden
travel
family & relationships
fashion & style
pets & wildlife
green living
faith
brides



OPINION

columns
editorials
letters
blogs
discussion boards
web votes
article comments
live chats



PUBLICATIONS

San Mateo County Times
Palo Alto Daily News
Silicon Valley Community Newspapers:
Campbell Reporter
Cupertino Courier
Fremont Bulletin
Los Gatos Weekly Times
Milpitas Post
Pacifica Tribune
Saratoga News
Sunnyvale Sun
Willow Glen Resident
Rose Garden Resident
Almaden Resident
Cambrian Resident



MY TOWN

san jose
los gatos
saratoga
cupertino
sunnyvale
campbell
peninsula
central coast
pacifica
san mateo county
milpitas
fremont
alameda county



HELP

contact us
site map
faq
start / stop paper
advertising
buy photos
ethics policy
past articles






SHOPPING

newspaper ads online
special sections




CLASSIFIED




REAL ESTATE

apartments
commercial properties
mortgage rates
list a home



CARS

find a car
find a dealer
sell a car
newspaper ads online



JOBS

post a job
post your resume
top workplaces
virtual job fair 
find a job
Education news
Education to Careers














Site

Web Search by YAHOO!































In The News:

49ers player's latest offensive comments
 Video: Actress injured on 'Splash' dive
Bay Area home prices soar
 X-Men stars at Berkeley Rep

420 shooting





Tweet







Print  
                            Email  
							 Font ResizeThe Wire: Devastating Texas blast; Obama in Boston; oddball ricin suspect; man's manhood severed; naked prowlerBy Karl Kahlerkkahler@mercurynews.commercurynews.comPosted:
						 
						04/18/2013 12:03:32 PM PDTApril 18, 2013 8:36 PM GMTUpdated:
								 
								04/18/2013 01:36:07 PM PDTFirefighters conduct search and rescue Thursday at an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas.  (LM Otero/AP)National editor's pick of the top news stories in the nation and world at this hour:Multiple dead in Texas fertilizer plant explosionA fertilizer plant explosion near Waco, Texas, that flattened homes and businesses caused so much devastation that casualty estimates Thursday were little more than guesses, and it was unknown how many people were missing. Early estimates spoke of five to 15 people feared dead, including three or four firefighters and a law enforcement officer, and more than 160 people injured. The explosion of the West Fertilizer Co. in the central Texas town of West leveled a four-block area, destroying President Barack Obama and first lady Michelle Obama attend an interfaith healing service Thursday at the Cathedral of the Holy Cross in Boston.  (Charles Krupa/AP Photo)or severely damaging a 50-unit apartment complex, a nursing home, a middle school and up to 75 homes. Searchers "have not gotten to the point of no return where they don't think that there's anybody still alive," Waco police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton said. But even the authorities were having trouble getting to the heart of the blast zone in a town crammed with scores of emergency vehicles. "It's still too hot to get in there," said Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.Obama addresses Boston bombing memorialDeclaring that "we will finish the race," President Barack Obama on Thursday spoke movingly at a memorial for the victims of the Boston Marathon bombing, vowing to bring the perpetrators to justice. "We will find you, we will hold you accountable -- but more than that, our fidelity to our way of life, to our free and open society, will only grow stronger," he said at an interfaith memorial at Boston's Cathedral of the Holy Cross. Authorities continued to scour photos and video from the crime scene, trying to identify a man seen on surveillance video leaving a bag at the second blast A photo of Paul Kevin Curtis, 45, from his Facebook page.  (AP Photo)site. Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano told a House committee Thursday that "there is some video that raised the question" of individuals the FBI would like to interview.Ricin suspect spoke of conspiracy to sell body partsA man suspected of mailing ricin-laced letters to President Barack Obama and a Mississippi senator was an Elvis impersonator who believed he had discovered a conspiracy to sell human body parts he discovered while working at a hospital. Paul Kevin Curtis, 45, was arrested Wednesday at his home in Corinth, Miss., shortly after Obama and Sen. Roger Wicker, R-Miss., received letters signed, "I am KC and I approve this message." An online trail left by one Kevin Curtis calls him a "Master of Impressions," and a YouTube channel in his name has videos of him performing as Elvis Presley, Buddy Holly and Kid Rock. Other posts attributed to him speak of a conspiracy that began when he "discovered a refrigerator full of dismembered body parts & organs wrapped in plastic in the morgue of the largest non-metropolitan health care organization in the United States of America." Curtis wrote that he was trying to "expose various parties within the government, FBI, police departments" for what he believed was "a conspiracy to ruin my reputation in the community as well as an ongoing effort to break down the foundation I worked more than 20 years to build in Catherine Kieu of Santa Ana is accused of drugging her husband and severing his penis.  (Orange County District Attorney/AP Photo)the country music scene." The FBI is still awaiting definitive tests to confirm that the substance found in the letters was ricin.Wife on trial for severing husband's penisA Southern California wife angered that her estranged husband was dating a former girlfriend laced his food with sleeping pills, tied him to a bed, severed his penis and threw it in a garbage disposal, prosecutors said at her trial Wednesday. Catherine Kieu, 50, was portrayed by her defense in opening statements as a mentally ill survivor of war-torn Vietnam who should not be convicted on charges of aggravated mayhem and torture. Her husband, who was not named by the Associated Press because of the nature of the crime, said in court that it was as if his life ended the night of the attack. "She murdered me that night," he said. "I will never have a sex life again." The penis could not be reattached. "My mental state is improving, but it may never be what it was before," he said. Prosecutors played an audio recording made by Kieu in which she is heard yelling, "You deserve it" three times before the attack on the recording. Man arrested for crawling through doggie door nakedFrom the department of "It seemed like a good idea at the time," a Riverside County man is accused of crawling naked through a neighbor's doggie door to have sex with his neighbor's wife. Believe it or not, alcohol may have been involved. Philip Garcia, 41, of Perris was arrested April 10 and has pleaded not guilty to burglary and indecent exposure. The neighbor woman told police her husband had left for his night job and she was getting ready for bed at about 9:30 with her three dogs when she heard a knock on her bedroom door. She said she found her neighbor standing there naked, possibly drunk, announcing his intention to have sex with her. She yelled at him to go away and called police, who found Garcia naked on his own bed and took him into custody. The Wire, a summary of top national and world news stories from the Associated Press and other wire services, moves weekdays. Contact Karl Kahler at 408-920-5023; follow him at twitter.com/karl_kahler.Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News.  All rights reserved.Print  
                            Email  
							 Font ResizeReturn to Top  
	














• FAQ: Article commenting how-tos and tips






 







MercuryNews.com home page



View RSS feed






Today's print edition



View RSS feed


Most ViewedMost E-Mailed(From the last 12 hours)Editors' Picks: Top stories on MercuryNews.comSan Francisco 49ers have lots of picks, options in NFL draftSleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown...Oakland Raiders: Defensive tackle a favorite for Raiders with third...Golden State Warriors lean on their faith heading into playoffsDoctor: Boston suspect had so many wounds he couldn't tell which was...(From the last 12 hours)Solar Impulse plane lifts off from Moffett FieldPizarro: The Next Big Thing coming to downtown San JoseReview: A delightful 'Persuasion' at San Jose StageTwo who perished while scuba diving identified as San Jose coupleCalifornia bill would target fracking industry's water use











News Videos »



 




Top Classifieds

 






Copyright ©  - San Jose Mercury News

Place an Ad | 
About Our Ads | 
      Help/Contact | 
	   Site Map | 
	   Advertise | 
 Home Delivery | 
	  Copyright | 
	   Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | 
	  About MediaNews Group | 
	   RSS | 
	   Find San Jose jobs | 
Ethics Policy | About Bay Area News Group | 
	  






MediaNews Group - Bay Area News Group























Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright