Risks of Fertilizer Storage Often Overlooked - Wall Street Journal - WSJ.com

Risks of Fertilizer Storage Often Overlooked
The deadly fire and explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant highlights the often-overlooked risks of storing large amounts of potentially combustible fertilizer, a common practice across rural America.
The West Fertilizer Co. plant had operated in the small town of West, Texas, for more than half a century, little noticed by neighbors or government regulators.
“The fertilizer plant has just always been there and the town just grew out that way,” said Floyd Wolf, a utility designer and lifelong resident who was at home when the walls started shaking Wednesday evening. Over time, the plant’s neighbors grew to include two schools and a nursing home. “We never thought about an explosion,” Mr. Wolf said.
According to a report filed to state and local officials as required by the U.S. Environment Protection Agency, the West Fertilizer plant stored as much as 540,000 pounds of ammonium nitrate and 110,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia. It is one of at least 587 Texas facilities that store anhydrous ammonia, according to an analysis of EPA data by the Center for Effective Government, a private group. West Fertilizer employed seven people, according to its EPA filing.
West Fertilizer didn’t respond to calls to comment.
The explosive properties of ammonia-based fertilizers are well documented. Ammonium-nitrate fertilizer exploded aboard a ship docked near Texas City, Texas in 1947, killing 581 people in one of the nation’s worst industrial accidents. Ammonium nitrate is considered stable, but is highly flammable when exposed to heat or other sources of energy. Ammonium nitrate can also be used to make bombs.
There are hundreds of distributors like West Fertilizer scattered across farm states. The businesses and farmer cooperatives take delivery from fertilizer producers and resell it to area farmers, often making blends to match soil conditions or other local factors. Fertilizer is moved around the nation by rail, barge and truck, with U.S. farmers using 60.4 million tons in 2011, the most recent data, up 8.6% from 2010, according to the Fertilizer Institute, a trade group.
Still, fertilizer operations are generally safe and serious accidents are rare.
“The end product, either they use it as fertilizer or they use it as bombs,” said Kim Nibarger, health and safety specialist for the United Steelworkers. “When it’s fertilizer, it’s OK. But when it’s mixed with diesel or petroleum products, it’s volatile.”
Despite their prevalence and risks, fertilizer operations often receive little regulatory oversight. The U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration hadn’t conducted an inspection at the West Fertilizer plant since 1985, according to its records.
“There are a number of workplaces the agency will never get to,” said Peg Seminario, an expert in workplace safety for the AFL-CIO. “Absent there being a fatality or a worker complaint, you’re not likely to inspect these places.”
The EPA fined the plant $2,300 in 2006 for not having an emergency plan for handling anhydrous ammonia; operators were supposed to file the plan in 2004. The most recent plan, filed in 2011, said the operation did not pose a risk of either explosion or fire.
Both the EPA and OSHA don’t specifically cover ammonium nitrate for their risk-management planning programs, according to experts, since explosives aren’t covered under those requirements. (West’s storage of anhydrous ammonia, a toxic gas hazard, was regulated by the EPA’s risk management program.)
The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality said it had investigated the facility several times, initially in 2002 after dust complaints, and didn’t find “nuisance conditions.” A 2006 inspection after a separate complaint of a “very bad” ammonia smell found that the plant didn’t have required air-emission permits. The plant applied for and received the permits later that year. The commission also required the plant to install a cement barrier to protect the storage tanks. The commission said it hadn’t received any other complaints about the plant.
In January 2012, the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Material Safety Administration fined West Fertilizer more than $5,000 for transporting anhydrous ammonia in unauthorized cargo tanks and for failing to develop and follow a security plan, according to agency records.
Safety advocates say fertilizer-storage facilities are lower priorities for regulators than larger polluters, like power plants and refineries. Neither Texas nor the federal government restricts where facilities storing ammonia or chlorine can operate, said Neil Carman, a former inspector for the environmental-quality commission who is now the director of Sierra Club’s clean-air program in Texas.
“These things fly under the radar,” Mr. Carman said. “I guess it’s surprising there aren’t more” accidents, he said.
On Thursday, government officials flooded the small town of 2,800 people. The EPA said it is working with Federal Emergency Management Agency and the Texas Committee on Environmental Quality to monitor air quality in the area. The U.S. Chemical Safety Board, which investigates chemical accidents, dispatched an investigative team.
The town and the fertilizer plant grew up together. The Plasek family started the company as Texas Grain Storage Inc. in 1957, according to a lawsuit the company filed in 2007. It later built a small fertilizer-blend plant and started selling fertilizer to area farmers.
Zak Covar, executive director of the environmental-quality commission, said the fertilizer storage and blending facility had existed since 1962, before permits were required, and was allowed to remain on the site.
The Plasek family sold the plant around 2006. Texas corporation records list the current president as Donald R. Adair, who couldn’t be located Thursday.
Matt Nors, 30 years old, owner of the Nors Sausage and Burger house on Main Street, said he didn’t think any of the workers were in the plant during the explosion.
As schools, apartments and nursing homes were built around the plants, “safety never crossed our minds,” Mr. Nors said. “It wasn’t an issue.”
 –Mark Peters
	and Angel Gonzalez contributed to this article. 
Write to                 Alexandra Berzon at alexandra.berzon@wsj.com, Ben Lefebvre at ben.lefebvre@dowjones.com and Daniel Gilbert at daniel.gilbert@wsj.com








WSJ

WSJ
Facebook
Twitter





MarketWatch

MarketWatch



Barron's

Barron's



SmartMoney

SmartMoney



AllThingsDigital

AllThingsDigital



FINS

FINS



More


WSJ X - Invitation Only


BigCharts


Virtual Stock Exchange


Financial News


WSJ Asia


WSJ India


WSJ China
                                                chinese edition



WSJ Japan
                                                japanese edition





WSJ Europe


WSJ Deutschland




WSJ Americas


en Español


em Português




WSJ Radio


WSJ Wine








The Wall Street Journal

Menu




Also in WSJ.com:

















Share





Tweet




Latest Headlines














Latest Headlines is home to all the latest, up to the minute news headlines from The Wall Street Journal in a streaming continuous headline experience.











Top

                    Streaming Coverage


                            Reverse Order
                        




                          Keyboard: ↑




                          Keyboard: ↓





Days Active
Updates


200
65443




0 new posts










