Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous? - CSMonitor.com






 Skip to: Content
	Skip to: Site Navigation
	Skip to: Search



















Search







World


USA


Commentary


Business


Energy/Environment


Innovation


Science


Culture


Books










All USA
Politics
Elections
DC Decoder
Foreign Policy
Justice
Military
Society
Education
Sports
USA Update
Latest News Wires





				Sign up for FREE E-Newsletters: 
			 


Daily Top Stories
Weekend Edition
Change Agent
Books
BizTech
Opinion & Commentary
Politics
Food (Stir It Up!)
Science




 







Subscribe and save 75
%


 













Advertisements




















Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?

The explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant had the force of a magnitude 2.1 quake. Here's a look at how the combination of fire and materials at the facility could have produced the blast.

							By 
		
	
				
					            				
	Pete Spotts, Staff writer /
						April 18, 2013
		











A firefighter stands on a rail line and surveys the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas, Thursday. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight.
LM Otero/AP


Enlarge















Rescuers are combing through leveled homes and apartment buildings in the hunt for survivors following Wednesday night's fire and explosion at a small fertilizer and grain-storage company near Waco, Texas.
Skip to next paragraph



Related stories







 Are you scientifically literate? Take our quiz





Texas fertilizer plant blast: Was it 'freak accident' that tore town apart?




Decoder Wire

			Boston bombing. Ricin in D.C. Texas inferno. Any links?
	











Subscribe Today to the Monitor
Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS ofThe Christian Science MonitorWeekly Digital Edition

 

Initial estimates put the number of fatalities at up to 15, with more than 160 people injured. The blast had enough energy to trip US Geological Survey seismographs as a magnitude 2.1 quake.How did such a powerful explosion happen?


			RECOMMENDED: 		
						
		
						
														
						
						
													
								
	        
				Are you scientifically literate? Take our quiz


The plant in question, West Fertilizer Co., is said to have had some 54,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia on-site, a key ingredient in making ammonium nitrate, which is widely used as fertilizer. It's also used in cold packs, as rocket fuel, and as an explosive.The fire would have affected each compound in different ways, specialists say.Typically, anhydrous ammonia, a gas, is stored in tanks with relief valves so that as hot weather heats the gas and it expands, the valves vent some of the gas to prevent it from bursting its tank, explains Matt Pearson, fertilizer containment and certification specialist with the Office of Indiana State Chemist & Seed Commissioner, based at Purdue University in West Lafayette, Ind.

Want your top political issues explained? Get customized DC Decoder updates. The explosion could have occurred in part as heat from the fire caused the gas to expand far faster than relief valves could vent it. Direct ignition of the gas is unlikely, Mr. Pearson suggests, because the gas burns only at very high temperatures – about 1,200 degrees F.Ammonium nitrate may be the more likely candidate in the explosion.In small quantities, the white pellets won't detonate, notes Ronald Willey, a chemical engineering professor at Northeastern University in Boston. Many drugstore cold packs use the compound because, when water is also put in the packs, the mixture absorbs heat from its surroundings.But the compound begins to decompose into nitrous oxide and water when heated to temperatures above 150 degrees F. – a process that itself releases heat. If temperatures rise to about 400 degrees F. or higher, as in a fire, decomposition can become explosive.Indeed, the largest industrial accident in US history involved 2,300 tons of ammonium nitrate tucked in the hold of a cargo ship in Texas City in 1947. The ship was to deliver the fertilizer to Europe. A fire broke out onboard, and after about an hour of fruitless efforts to battle the blaze, the ammonium nitrate exploded.The blast triggered more explosions and fires, including a blast on a nearby ship that also was carrying ammonium nitrate. The death toll has been estimated at 581 or more.Shortly after the terrorist attacks on the World Trade Center and Pentagon in 2001, a fertilizer factory in Toulouse, France, exploded. The blast involved between 200 and 300 tons of ammonium nitrate pellets. Some 31 people died and more than 2,400 were injured. The blast left an enormous crater – and a cleanup bill that reportedly reached 3.2 billion euros.In the case of the explosion in the small community of West, the plant itself was destroyed, along with up to 75 homes, a middle school, and a nursing home in a four-block area nearby.West Fertilizer Co. is bounded on the east by farmland. But to the west, a single set of railroad tracks is all that separated the facility from homes and the middle school.Records from the US Environmental Protection Agency show that in 2006, the agency fined West Fertilizer Co. for having an inadequate plan to deal with risks at the site, according local press reports. The same year, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality issued a citation to the company for failing to apply for or qualify for a permit, after residents nearby complained about strong ammonia odors.Following Wednesday's explosion, the US Chemical Safety Board and the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives have sent investigators to determine a cause.RECOMMENDED: Everyday heroes – 10 tales of American heroes



Related stories


Are you scientifically literate? Take our quiz


Texas fertilizer plant blast: Was it 'freak accident' that tore town apart?


Decoder Wire

			Boston bombing. Ricin in D.C. Texas inferno. Any links?
	




Follow Us

You can find 		
		
	Pete Spotts
	on Facebook, Twitter, Google+.








About these ads








Get free daily or weekly news updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today. 









 










Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today!
 




 USA




Boston Marathon bombings: tips for calming kids' fears after tragedies




 World




Former Palestinian prisoners once jailed for murder, now dole out dessert




 The Culture




American Idol: With time running out, did the judges use their save?




 Science




Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.




 Innovation




Google Glass tester? Don't dare try to sell your new toy.




 Energy/Environment




Nebraska hearing vitrifies Keystone XL pipeline debate  




 World




Rhino head heist: Half a million euros' worth stolen from Irish museum




 World




Israeli archaeologist finds common ground underneath Sinai's shifting sands




 Innovation




NASA Space Apps Challenge aims for worldwide collaboration





Making a Difference

Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver
 


Innovation

Data-driven HDTV comparisons
 


Autos

Data-driven car comparisons
 












Weekly review of global news and ideas
Balanced, insightful and trustworthy
Subscribe in print or digital

Special Offer

Print
Digital
 


 







About these ads 











Could you pass a US citizenship test? Find out.





Most viewed





			Florist sued again for refusing to provide flowers for gay wedding
	


Provo, the city of 'Silicon Slopes,' named as third Google fiber site 


Immigration reform and Boston bombing: why some make a connection


40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know



			'Downton Abbey' season 4: Creator and cast talk what's ahead
	



 




In Pictures:



A dramatic capture after the Boston Marathon tragedy











CSMonitor.com on Facebook

 













Editors' picks:








Planet hunting: How MIT's TESS will bring search for life closer to home
 Scientists with MIT's TESS project hope to build on the lessons of the successful Kepler planet-hunting mission and find planetary systems close enough for telescopes to study in detail. 

Briefing:
Chechnya: How a remote Russian republic became linked with terrorism


London Marathon organizers pledge to keep calm and carry on


USA Update

			Florist sued again for refusing to provide flowers for gay wedding
	


Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.



 





About these ads 




Doing Good
 


What happens when ordinary people decide to pay it forward? Extraordinary change...




Paul Giniès is the general manager of the International Institute for Water and Environmental Engineering (2iE) in Burkina Faso, which trains more than 2,000 engineers from more than 30 countries each year.


Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver

Today 2iE is recognized as a 'center of excellence' producing top-notch home-grown African engineers ready to address the continent's problems.

 

 





Become part of the Monitor community






























About these ads



Home
About
Content Map
Contact Us
Subscribe
E-Readers
Text
Specials
Multimedia
Make Us Your Home Page


Careers
Corrections
Find us online
Advertise With Us
Articles on Christian Science



© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.
	





























 

 
 
 
 




