Texas explosion: Satellite images show the fearsome destructive power fertilizer plant disaster  | Mail Online















 










Home




U.K. Home



 
 

News




Sport




U.S. Showbiz




Femail




Health




Science




Money




RightMinds




Travel




Columnists







News Home


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


News Board




Login









Find a Job
M&S Wine
Feedback











Monday, Apr 22 2013

3AM 
59°F

6AM
53°F

5-Day Forecast










Satellite images show the fearsome destructive power of the Texas fertilizer plant explosionImages reveal the debris field surrounding the West Fertilizer CompanyShows the ruptured tanks that held highly pressurized anhydrous ammoniaBlast decimated the small town of West, Texas, ripping through densely populated residential areasAt least 14 are dead and dozes still unaccounted for
 
By 
Daily Mail Reporter


PUBLISHED:

10:08 EST, 21 April 2013


| 

UPDATED:

10:44 EST, 21 April 2013







Comments (3)




 Share


















New satellite images show the far-reaching destructive power of Wednesday night's fertilizer plant explosion in the small town of West, Texas. The images show a debris field surrounding the remains of the West Fertilizer Co., as well as what's left of the two tanks that held highly pressurized anhydrous ammonia. They also show a 50-unit apartment building west of the plant with its walls torn off by the blast, and the demolished West Intermediate School.  

Before and after: Satellite images show the extent of the damage following Wednesday's horrific explosion in West, Texas
 The images, from Digital Globe, give new perspective on the fearsome power of the explosion. While there are only about 2,700 people 
in the town, the area affected by the blast is a residential location 
with a dense population. As the dust settled on the small 
community of 2,800 people on Thursday morning, photographs revealed destroyed homes and debris-strewn roads in a four- or five-block radius around  a massive charred crater where the plant once stood.
 

More...

Texas fertilizer plant that exploded failed to report it was storing volatile chemical used in the Oklahoma City bombing at 1,350 times the safety levels
Caught just in time: Police reveal Boston bombers were about to plant MORE devices as video is released of grenade barrage that stunned wounded brother into submission


On Saturday, people were still being kept out of their damaged homes as officials feared for their safety.At least 179 people were injured in 
the explosion, 13 seriously. In total, 14 were killed in the explosion that decimated part of the small Texas town, and dozens remain unaccounted for. 






 
Write caption here 

Resident Pete Arias is still being kept out of his damaged home, one of the many destroyed across the town leaving residents homeless 
When the call came on Wednesday 
evening about a blaze at the fertilizer plant, volunteer firefighter 
Morris Bridges picked up his 2-year-old son, Jaimeson, said 'Daddy loves
you,' and kissed him goodbye.Bridges,
41, a father of three, has not been seen since. His family have not 
definitively been told that he is dead but they believe he has died.'As
soon as a call would go out, Morris would be the first one there,' said
his wife, Carmen Bridges, who met Morris in middle school and married 
him about four years ago after reconnecting as they planned their 20th 
high school reunion.Officials are still investigating the blast. Friday, it was revealed the fertilizer plant failed to report that it had last year been storing 1,350 times the amount of ammonium nitrate that would normally trigger safety oversight by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
 

Emergency workers clear through the remains of the plant destroyed in the blast 
 

Carmen Bridges holds her two-year-old son Jaimeson. Volunteer firefighter Morris Bridges, Carmen's husband and Jaimeson's father, is missing and feared dead
While the plant informed a state agency in February that it was storing up to 270 tons of ammonium nitrate, the company's risk management plan with the Environmental Protection Agency filed in 2011 made no mention of chemical.The volatile chemical compound was used in the domestic terror attack on the Oklahoma City federal building. It's not yet clear whether the ammonium nitrate was responsible for Wednesday's massive explosion, NBC News reported.  

It's been revealed that the company's risk management plan with the Environmental Protection Agency filed in 2011 made no mention of ammonium nitrate
 

Governor Rick Perry tours the disaster zone and meets with local officials and state and local emergency responders about relief and recovery efforts underway
State and federal regulators have had to slap the company with several disciplinary actions over the years.In the summer of 2012, West 
Fertilizer was fined $10,000 for safety violations, one of which was 
planning to transport anhydrous ammonia without adequate security and 
failing to properly label ammonia tanks. They
ran afoul of regulations twice in 2006, being fined $2,300 by the EPA 
for not having a risk management plan on file while the state Department
of Environmental Quality found the company was operating two 
12,000-gallon tanks for ahydrous ammonia without a permit.  

West mayor pro tem Steve Vanek talks to the media in front of city hall three days after an explosion as dozens are still missing
Late on 
Friday, plant owner Donald Adair released a general statement expressing
sorrow over the explosion but saying West Fertilizer would have little 
further comment while it cooperated with investigators to try to 
determine what happened. 'This tragedy will continue to hurt deeply for generations to come,' Adair said in the statement.
 Failure to report significant volumes of hazardous chemicals
at a site can lead the DHS to fine or shut down fertilizer operations, a
person familiar with the agency's monitoring regime said.Though the 
DHS has the authority to carry out spot inspections at facilities, it 
has a small budget for that and only a 'small number' of field auditors,
the person said.
 Firms are responsible for self reporting the volumes of
ammonium nitrate and other volatile chemicals they hold to the DHS, 
which then helps measure plant risks and devise security and safety 
plans based on them.
 


Read more:

Satellite images show West, Texas before and after fertilizer plant explosion





MOST READ NEWS

Previous
1
2
3
Next






EXCLUSIVE: Muslim convert widow of Boston bomber was...





Did younger bomb suspect KILL his own brother by running him...





Caught just in time: Police reveal Boston bombers were about...





Bomber is awake and responding to questions after he 'shot...





Eldest Boston bomber was thrown out of his mosque for 'raged...





Owners of 'Terrorista #1' BMW taken into custody over Boston...





Mother of Boston bombing suspects arrested last year for...





'This is our f***ing city!' Red Sox hitter David Ortiz gives...





Kate's queen of the pack: The Duchess of Cambridge proudly...





'Chilling' unreleased video clearly shows youngest Boston...





'That's your problem': Chilling response of Boston bomber...





Younger bomb suspect DID kill his own brother by running him...






 


Share this article: 




Facebook




Twitter




Google+




Email




Other


























Add your comments

Comments (3)


The comments below have not been moderated.





Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated



 View all




Looks to me like it was a rail tanker on the track next to the grey roofed building. The crater is exactly where one was parked in the "before" aerial photo. I wonder why that would have blown up?
-
                                    
                                        dawman
                                    ,
                                    
                                        Winchester, United Kingdom,
                                     22/4/2013 00:23

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

                                        
                                            (0)
                                        
                                    

Report abuse


How many more compounds are over stocked with volatile materials they said they don't have?.  
-
                                    
                                        Alan
                                    ,
                                    
                                        Huddersfield,
                                     21/4/2013 21:37

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

                                        
                                            5
                                        
                                    

Report abuse


If I'm not mistaken, West Texas is located in the USA.  14 dead and dozens unaccounted for!   You wouldn't know anything about it from the news.   They want to talk about nothing , but Boston.   I wonder if the dead and injured
families feel like they don't count in the scheme of things,.

Shame on the News Media!
-
                                    
                                        Carrie
                                    ,
                                    
                                        Valley,
                                     21/4/2013 17:43

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

                                        
                                            26
                                        
                                    

Report abuse




                        The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
                    



Add your comment








Your comments:


                                You have 1000 characters left.
                            
Libellous and abusive comments are not allowed. Please read our House Rules.



I agree to the House Rules

For information about privacy and cookies please read our Privacy Policy.

Terms
Clear
Submit Content












Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search



















 
 
Femail Today






Reese Witherspoon arrested for 'disorderly conduct and resisting a police officer' after husband is apprehended for DUI
     








What arrest? Reese Witherspoon put on glamorous turn at Mud premiere....two days after she and husband jailed for 'disorderly conduct and DUI'








Kate's queen of the pack: The Duchess of Cambridge proudly shows off her baby bump at Windsor Castle Scouts ceremony









Disappearing act: Angelina Jolie displays worryingly thin limbs as she runs errands
Tried to conceal with a long-sleeved black frock in Beverly Hills








Making the cut: Jennifer Lawrence debuts edgy new look at the GLAAD Media Awards with shorter and lighter locks









Are Justin and Selena back together? Bieber tweets telling snapshot with his former flame... and then quickly deletes it









Totally recalled: Arnold Schwarzenegger takes new girlfriend Heather Milligan to dinner after claiming he was eager to reunite with estranged wife








Goodbye my lover! Kristen Stewart is left driving around in her beaten-up pickup truck alone as beau Robert Pattinson jets out of LA
Looking 'un-Hollywood' 








Minimise those tan lines! Rita Rusic, 52, hits the beach in a barely-there bikini on holiday with her lover









She could use a hand! Hilary Duff struggles to balance her sleepy son Luca and a bulky diaper bag as they attend a birthday party
Struggled with a bag








'Taylor Swift was 'a pain in the a**': Harry Styles makes a rather UN-gentlemanly comment about former girlfriend









Slimming down for the wedding? Beth Ditto debuts a trimmer figure at GLAAD Awards alongside fiancee Kristen Ogata
Preparing for wedding








Oh baby! Bikini-clad Rihanna shows her maternal side as she cuddles a tiny toddler poolside whilst relaxing after concert
Flaunted her figure








His biggest fan! Britney Spears shows her spirit in a jersey top paired with tiny shorts as she cheers on son Sean Preston at football match








Vintage vixen! Newly single Julianne Hough shows off her impressive dancer's legs in a retro white ensemble









Barking fun! Little Violet wears her stuffed toy pooch like a mask as she runs errands with mother Jennifer Garner
One upped her famous mother








Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster went under the knife for ongoing battle with lyme disease
On road to recovery








Football frenzy! Exquisite beauty Salma Hayek cheers along with husband François-Henri Pinault at French League Cup final
With French billionaire








Au revoir Paris! Victoria Beckham and her brood make a stylish return to London in a luxurious private jet
Spent her Sunday at the Louvre Museum 








Kris Humphries pulled plug on divorce fight because 'he felt sorry' for Kim Kardashian... and wanted to appear in NBA playoffs









Fighting the blues! Bethenny Frankel sizzles in a string bikini then shows her stripes after escaping divorce drama for a weekend in Miami









Teen Mom's Farrah Abraham touches down in Los Angeles... as it emerges she is moving to Texas following sex tape scandal
Kicked out by her mother








She's on a winning streak! Kim Kardashian avoids another fashion fail as she shows off her growing baby bump in simple and chic ensemble








Sealed with a kiss! Benji Madden gets caught in a passionate lip lock with new girlfriend
Cosied up to new love








Pretty as a petal! Alessandra Ambrosio looks stunning in a bright summer dress while shopping for flowers









Rihanna shines bright in a bralette top as she parties at Florida nightclub after celebrating 'weed day'
Skimpy satin outfit








'He is worth $120m but we have never seen a penny of it': Justin Bieber's ill grandfather lives in broken cabin while star ignores him









Celebrity Skin: Courtney Love sports see-through lace dress to promote her new line of cigarettes at Coachella









 Posh takes on Paris: Victoria Beckham wears very high heels as she leads family around the Louvre









Oh sweetie! Robert Pattinson and Kristen Stewart keep close as they stock up on candy treats
Life's simple pleasures








You can't see me! Now Amanda Bynes covers her head with a scarf as she maneuvers around New York City
More bizarre behaviour








Are you sure that's not a belt? Kate Beckinsale displays her enviably toned legs in a super short mini skirt
Embraced the sunny weather








Travelling in style: Fergie dresses to impress with all-grey ensemble as she heads to departing flight
Fergie clearly wears her pregnancy well.








Gary Goldsmith: That cocaine sting in the Villa Bang Bang. Sympathy from Camilla. And the truth about his £17m fortune - Kate and Pippa's 'black sheep' uncle reveals all...









Miley Cyrus showcases her long legs in tiny hotpants as she steps out without her engagement ring after 'postponing wedding'








Giving the bold shoulder! Maria Menounos makes a fashion statement in dramatic gown for GLAAD Awards
Wore a futuristic couture dress








She's still got it: Claudia Schiffer displays her long looking model legs in slim fit jeans and knee-high boots









Radiant in white: Molly Ringwald shows off her legs at book reading in Los Angeles
Read from her collection of stories








Beatles reunion! Sir Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr meet for dinner in Hollywood
It is something that would put fans of The Beatles in dreamland.








Let's Spend The Night Together: Aging rockers Keith Richards and Ronnie Wood of The Rolling Stones dine out on a double date









Hats off! Bill Clinton lends his fedora to Charlize Theron at GLAAD Media Awards
Star-studded event








Ready to rock: Jessica Alba returns for a second day at Coachella Music Festival in ripped jeans and flowing tank top
Fun ends Sunday








No holidaze here! Snoop Dogg's 420 party 'shut down by police as rapper arrives'
No citations issued








Not such a square style! Cara Delevingne heads out in New York in an eclectic pair of glasses
The 20-year-old model was shopping in Soho








The perfect print: Naomi Watts looks stunning in geometric dress at Tribeca Film Festival
Simply stunning








Rocking duet! Hilary Duff and her baby boy Luca dress the part for birthday party at Jack Osbourne's house
Dressed up and ready to party!








Man about town: Ashton Kutcher gets to know his new surroundings as he meets the locals around London









Pregnant CaCee Cobb reveals growing baby bump in black maxi dress as she leaves lunch with husband Donald Faison
Wed in December








They're definitely calling you! Carly Rae Jepsen shows off her flawless legs in tiny short set and heels at Juno Gala Dinner
Lovely in lavender








The $3million O Factor: Sharon Osbourne offered biggest deal in history of X Factor to return to UK version of show









Rihanna unleashes slew of raunchy dance moves on Florida crowd before indulging in backstage 420 celebration with marijuana leaf cake








Hotter after heartbreak! Recently divorced Danica McKellar shows off her sexy single figure in form-fitted blue dress
Outfit was certainly fitting








Keeping her chin up! Eva Longoria beams in off-the-shoulder mini dress despite cancellation of her dating show Ready for Love








Belting it out! LeAnn Rimes shows off her curvier figure in flesh-toned frock to sing at children's charity
LeAnn Rimes is at a healthier place in her life.








Model fans! Heidi Klum and her bodyguard boyfriend Martin Kristen cheer on her sons at kids' soccer match
Number one supporter








Queen of cool Gwen Stefani hits the bowling alley with son Zuma in colour coordinated style
Matched in neon green








Heaven sent! Elle Fanning attends the star-studded 2013 GLAAD Awards in an angelic couture gown
Stars arrive to the GLAAD Awards








Showing support for his hometown: Ben Affleck dons Boston Red Sox cap in honour of bombing victims on  outing with Jennifer Garner and girls








Simply stunning! Bryce Dallas Howard shows off svelte figure on the red carpet at the Tribeca Film Festival after year of weightloss struggles
Looked great in stripes








It's a slam dunk! Nick Cannon brightens spirits and shoots hoops with U.S. troops overseas
On his N'Credible USO tour








So that's where you were hiding! Kris Humphries goes out in Manhattan while Kim Kardashian settles their divorce in LA
2448 miles away 








Headed to a slumber party? Drew Barrymore wears a sleeping bag-like dress to GLAAD Awards
Surely someone called the fashion police








The show must go on! Ozzy Osbourne takes the stage in Auckland after admitting to substance abuse amid marital turmoil
Denied divorce rumours








No holidaze here! Snoop Dogg's 420 party 'shut down by police as rapper arrives'
No citations issued








Kate and Pippa, the shy teenagers at Uncle Gary's wedding: Middleton marriage snap revealed as the 'black sheep of the family' lifts lid on his life








Under wraps: Jessica Alba keeps her stunning figure covered up at the Coachella Music Festival
While the rest of the women at Coachella strip down to tiny shorts 








Ready to rehearse! Dancing with the Stars favourite Zendaya Coleman arrives looking fresh-faced before another grueling day of practice
















 
 
DON'T MISS






Beyonce's Back to Black? She'll pay for that, says Amy Winehouse's father
 Mitch is angry with Beyonce (pictured) for covering Amy's song 








Still celebrating! Make-up free Katie Holmes pampers her birthday girl Suri with a trip to the spa
Just turned 7








Suri Cruise takes a stroll in the park with mom Katie Holmes on her seventh birthday
Wore a floppy sun hat as she enjoyed her special day








 Anna Wintour gets naked Vivienne Westwood thrown out
Editor of Vogue banning a nude sculpture of Vivienne Westwood from the Met Ball in New York








Pippa's French resolution - avoid wild Paris nights
Notably absent from Vicomte Arthur de Soultrait's birthday this year








They've got money in the bank! Mark Wahlberg and Denzel Washington pose with stacks of cash for action film photocall
Co-stars of 2 Guns








That's one way to mend a broken heart! Bethenny Frankel flashes the flesh as she cosies up to a group of hunks... 24 hours before divorce hearing








Time to celebrate: Newly-divorced Kim Kardashian glams up in monochrome at family birthday dinner for Kourtney
Joined sisters in Malibu








Eva Longoria's new dating show Ready For Love is cancelled after just TWO episodes due to poor ratings
The first show only drew 3.8 million viewers 








Bumping along nicely: Pregnant Jenna Dewan gets some gentle exercise as she walks her dogs in the park
She is expecting her first child with Channing 








She's just a panda girl: Avril Lavigne goes goth for a romantic date with fiance Chad Kroger
Not letting the style that made her famous go without a fight 








These boots are made for Stomping! Kate Hudson and Matt Bellamy take the kids to see percussion dance show
Making an entrance








Newly pregnant Ivanka Trump covers her little baby bump under a chic blazer and smart green dress as she takes family stroll
     








Standing on her own two feet! Kimberly Stewart holds daughter Delilah's tiny hands as she takes the lead on the sidewalk
Learning to walk








Not finished her workout! Doting mom Jennifer Garner gives Seraphina a piggyback ride after gym run
Jennifer turned 41 on Wednesday








Prince Harry's girlfirend Cressida makes another royal friend, and this time it's King Charles
Quirky pop star








Washing away her worries: Bethenny Frankel distracts herself after divorce hearing by enjoying a Miami pool day with her daughter
Splashing around








On the mend: Nicole Eggert steps out with her daughter as she denies being hospitalised after botched high dive
     








No frills spared! Britney Spears floats into spring with a pretty white ruffled top and black leggings
Completed her outfit with aviator sunglasses








Mummy's little helper! Cruz Beckham pushes sister Harper through Paris on shopping trip with Victoria and the boys
Brotherly love








Farewell Hollywood! Nick Lachey and wife Vanessa plan on packing their bags to give baby Camden a Midwestern upbringing
Off to Cincinnati, Ohio








Baby love! Proud mother Rosie O'Donnell shares new cute photographs of her bouncing little girl Dakota








Doting dad Ryan Phillippe supports his son Deacon by cheering from the sidelines at his football game
Wearing a snapback cap








Ditching the glamour: Diana Ross looks almost unrecognisable as she goes make-up free and low key in a baggy tracksuit
Without usual lipstick








Smiling through it: Rachel Zoe puts on a brave face amid rumours that her Bravo show is being cancelled
Smiling in stripes








Hippie chick Alessandra Ambrosio flashes her toned tummy in printed trousers as she takes a stroll with her flower child Anja








Happy 4/20! Rihanna celebrates 'U.S weed day' with pals after raunchy onstage antics
As 4/20 approached the Diamonds singer took to Instagram








The thigh's the limit! Ashley Benson shows off her slim toned legs in a maxi skirt with two daring slits
Looked stunning as she left coffee shop








She loves her slimmed down shape! Ke$ha embraces her new found body confidence as she posts NAKED snap of herself online
Definitely 'got swagger'








'Wowser!' Jennifer Love Hewitt shocks Matthew Perry with cleavage-baring dress on The Ellen Show
Actor got more than he bargained for








Kate will live with mum after the baby is born: Britain's future monarch to start life in commoner's home in Berkshire rather than royal residence








Pretty little woman: Emma Roberts shines in elegant skirt and blouse for star-studded luxury car event
The 22-year-old opted for a classic look 








That's one way to raise awareness! Dancing with the Stars' Kym Johnson strips down for racy PETA advert fighting animal testing
Cuddles a bunny








Blooming lovely: Elizabeth Olsen steps out in chic flowery top and skinny jeans as she enjoys a touchy-feely stroll with her boyfriend








A far cry from the catwalk! Lily Cole looks swamped in a creased knitted coat in New York
It looked like she could have benefited from a good iron 








Nate Dogg baby mother makes $300,000 claim against estate of late rapper for unpaid child support
She claims he never made a single payment.








Back in business: Rihanna rocks denim shorts and gladiator-style boots as she recovers from illness in time for Tampa gig








'I'm a secret agent man!': Will.i.am uses sneaky tactics to secure his favorite acts on The Voice UK
He's definitely the funny judge on the panel








'They've got impeccable manners': David Beckham opens up about his strict parenting... as he admits to struggling with his French skills








'I take honey and row with the wife': Ozzy Osbourne admits to being back on track after drugs battle... while continuing to deny divorce rumours








A kiss for her speed demon: Jesse Metcalfe puckers with fiancee Cara Santana as he hits the track at Toyota Pro/Celebrity Race
Competing in California








Working on that famous tan! Tanning Mom strips down to a bikini for a sunbathing session on the beach
45-year-old went topless in New Jersey








Now she's REALLY pint-sized! Tiny Jersey Shore star Snooki shows off slim physique after losing 40lbs since son's birth
Shedding baby weight








She's still got it! Heather Graham, 43, shows off her fabulous form at Tribeca Film Festival
At Any Price premiere








Caught in a lip lock! Selena Gomez and Justin Bieber 'had romantic rendez-vous in Oslo'
Is she giving him a second chance?








Kim Kardashian treats herself to a trip to the salon... hours after Los Angeles judge grants divorce from Kris Humphries








Quite the cool traveler! Mason steals the spotlight from birthday girl Kourtney Kardashian as he glides through the airport on skateboard
She's got a lot to balance








'The city is made up of amazing, giving people': Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy host special screening of new cop movie The Heat for Boston police








Now that's an LBD! Kelly Brook heads out in thigh-skimming black minidress and studded leather jacket
Clearly making the most of her famous curves








Too racy for TV? American Idol judge Nicki Minaj raises eyebrows with VERY busty peekaboo dress
Wore a jaw-dropping red DSquared2 number








'She's a diva in training': Mariah Carey and adorable daughter Monroe step out in pink dresses as singer heads to American Idol
Following  her footsteps








Hitting a purple patch! Willow Smith shows off lurid new hairstyle to fans on Twitter
She is not one to shy away from experimenting with her appearance








No wonder she was picked! Hilaria Baldwin looks lovely in tight teal dress after being named second best-dressed pregnant star
Posed for some shots








Kate Middleton ranked world's best-dressed pregnant star - beating supermodel Lara Stone and Penelope Cruz
Hilaria Baldwin also made Vanity Fair list








Can't get enough! Paris Hilton and boyfriend River Viiperi head to Coachella for a second weekend at the popular music festival
Doing both weekends








Ready to rock! Mischa Barton slips into a psychedelic print for second weekend of Coachella
In Indio, California








Supermodels DO chow down! Heidi Klum digs into a salad with vigor and goofs around in glasses on set
Kicked her heels off








Janice Dickinson proudly shows off her engagement ring as she enjoys an animated conversation with a girlfriend after lunch
Not shy 








Red-hot new couple? Lydia Hearst clings to Entourage star Kevin Connolly at Tribeca Film Festival
At each other's sides








Getting some sleep in! Radiant Liv Tyler looks rested as she totes trusty travel pillow through Los Angeles airport
Smiling on her way out








You're flying low, Frankie! Ms Essex has an embarrassing wardrobe malfunction as she launches her new haircare range








Olivia Palermo slips into coral statement coat and floral flats as she steps out with pooch Mr. Butler
Always the fashionista








Jenny McCarthy conceals her new bubblegum pink haircut as she slips through the crowds at New York airport
Landed her own show








Mark Wahlberg stocks up on groceries after touching revelation he 'just wanted to hug' his children after Boston Marathon bombing
Normally plays tough guy








Jamie Foxx, Maggie Gyllenhaal and Channing Tatum get down on the dance floor at promotion for their new movie White House Down
Can can in Cancun








Holy moly! Ali Landry's baby bump receives hands-on blessing from Pope Francis
Ex-Miss USA with husband Alejandro Gomez Monteverde








Tamar Braxton puts her growing baby bump on display as she grabs lunch with her husband in Beverly Hills
Announced pregnancy last month








Do ya think I'm specsy? Sports Illustrated model Jessica Hart goes for geek chic in glasses on New York stroll
   








Dressed down Friday! Dakota Fanning goes for laid back look on New York outing
Who says grunge is dead?








'It was the right time for me to make the next step': Michelle Keegan to leave Coronation Street after six years of playing Tina
Actress leave UK soap  








Better bundle up! Make-up free Jessica Biel braves the chill as she shivers on streets in thin wool coat and cropped jeans
Dressed down day








Defying age! Syfy star Julie Benz, 40, shops in a knockout little black dress that proves age is just a number
Star of Syfy's Defiance








Different set of 'Girls': Allison Williams joins Kristin Chenoweth to support Rita Wilson backstage at her first concert
  








Kim Kardashian steps out alone after divorce from Kris Humphries... but WHY is Kanye West still 5,600 miles away?
He's been in Paris since February








Yoko Ono's fight against fracking gets help from famous friends Adrian Grenier and Susan Sarandon
Imagine No Fracking








Eva on the go! Busy Ms Longoria jets out of New York clutching a furry pillow
She's a busy woman about town








She can't catch a break! Jennifer Garner is ambushed by parking ticket after struggling down sidewalk with large bag
Unwanted gift








The lady is a vamp! Hilary Duff spices up her girl next door look with gothic blood red lipstick
The bold lip stood out against her red tank top








Comfort chic! Carey Mulligan shows off her low-key style by going make-up free as she steps out on coffee run
Style icon











 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









EXCLUSIVE: Muslim convert widow of Boston bomber was 'brainwashed by extremist husband' and gave up her...





Bomber is awake and responding to questions after he 'shot himself in the head while he was cornered in...





'That's your problem': Chilling response of Boston bomber after 'FBI called him to accuse him of deadly...





Caught just in time: Police reveal Boston bombers were about to plant MORE devices as video is released of...





'Tragedies can happen anywhere in the world. It's too bad': Bomb suspect talked to college friend about...





Younger bomb suspect DID kill his own brother by running him over, says Boston police chief





'Chilling' unreleased video clearly shows youngest Boston bomber placing backpack on floor and then calmly...





Golden Retrievers who helped comfort Newtown families head to Boston to make bomb victims smile





'This is for Boston': Winner of London Marathon dedicates win in wheelchair race to the people of the city





Tourists flock to Franklin Street for a glimpse of the scene where the 'Boston bomber' was captured





'My boys have been smeared by cheap lies': Aunt of 'bombers' protests their innocence and claims THEY are...





Pictured together: Slain MIT campus officer was in same academy class as transit policeman wounded by Boston...





Did Boston bomber meet with known jihadist terrorist? Speculation grows as it emerges Russia asked FBI to...





Hundreds of people wait in line for chance to pay respects to Krystle Campbell, 29, at wake ahead of her...





Were they acting alone? New claims the Boston bombing brothers were part of a 12-man terror sleeper...





Mother and daughter gravely injured in marathon bombing are recovering together in same hospital room... as...





'He was like an animal in the boxing ring - he was ready to kill': Sickening violent streak of bomber - as...





Eldest Boston bomber was thrown out of his mosque for 'raged filled rant' against Martin Luther King three...





Inside New York's most expensive home: Three-floor penthouse with 16 bedrooms goes on sale for 125 million...





Assume the brace position: Airport delays to get even longer from today as thousands of air traffic...





Legendary sportscaster Al Michaels arrested on DUI





Mom killed her 1 year old son with belt and hangers before leaving him to die - then she told police he had...





Woman told she was 'too fat to tan' at salon and is then refused a refund





Cars left unclaimed by hurricane Sandy to be sold at auction - some as cheap as $300... but you'll have to...





U.S. academic, 32, gang raped in Papua New Guinea by nine armed men who hacked off her hair with a bush...





Student brawl captured on video at notorious Manhattan high school





Deadly avalanche claims five snowboarders in Colorado's Rocky Mountain back country





BREAKING NEWS: Evacuation at JFK's terminal 4 underway after 'suspicious package intercepted being boarded...





Indian rape victim, five, 'abandoned in hospital by her parents' as thousands clash with police over...





MORE HEADLINES







 
EXCLUSIVE: Muslim convert widow of Boston bomber was 'brainwashed by extremist husband' and gave up her dreams of college to have his baby at 21



 
Bomber is awake and responding to questions after he 'shot himself in the head while he was cornered in boat'



 
Did younger bomb suspect KILL his own brother by running him over? Police chief's dramatic account of firefight reveals suspect was still alive when he was hit by sibling's car



 
Caught just in time: Police reveal Boston bombers were about to plant MORE devices as video is released of grenade barrage that stunned wounded brother into submission



 
Eldest Boston bomber was thrown out of his mosque for 'raged filled rant' against Martin Luther King three months ago - as FBI hunts mysterious religious leader who 'brainwashed' him



 
Owners of 'Terrorista #1' BMW taken into custody over Boston bombings AGAIN: Feds arrest two men 'who were friends with suspect for immigration violation'



 
Mother of Boston bombing suspects arrested last year for 'stealing $1,600 worth of clothes from Lord & Taylor'



 
'This is our f***ing city!' Red Sox hitter David Ortiz gives powerful tribute to Boston as victims and heroes are honored in team's first home game since marathon bombings



 
Kate's queen of the pack: The Duchess of Cambridge proudly shows off her baby bump at Windsor Castle Scouts ceremony



 
'Chilling' unreleased video clearly shows youngest Boston bomber placing backpack on floor and then calmly moving to a safe distance before it blows up



 
'That's your problem': Chilling response of Boston bomber after 'FBI called him to accuse him of deadly attack'



 
Younger bomb suspect DID kill his own brother by running him over, says Boston police chief



 
EXCLUSIVE: 'Our hearts are sickened by the horror he inflicted': Shocked family of All-American girl who converted to Islam to marry Boston bomber say tragedy proves 'we never really knew him'



 
Inside New York's most expensive home: Three-floor penthouse with 16 bedrooms goes on sale for 125 million dollars



 
U.S. academic, 32, gang raped in Papua New Guinea by nine armed men who hacked off her hair with a bush knife and tied her husband naked to a tree



 
Golden Retrievers who helped comfort Newtown families head to Boston to make bomb victims smile



 
Mother and daughter gravely injured in marathon bombing are recovering together in same hospital room... as family raises $500K to cover medical bills in four days



 
Did Boston bomber meet with known jihadist terrorist? Speculation grows as it emerges Russia asked FBI to investigate Boston bomber just SIX MONTHS ago after his trip to Dagestan



 
Gary Goldsmith: That cocaine sting in the Villa Bang Bang. Sympathy from Camilla. And the truth about his £17m fortune - Kate and Pippa's 'black sheep' uncle reveals all...



 
Indian rape victim, five, 'abandoned in hospital by her parents' as thousands clash with police over handling of sexual assault cases in the country


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















Editor's six of the best


 
The spectacular Spider-Man: Artist painstakingly captures webbing to create unique pieces of art


 
Time-Traveling photographer goes back to history's most iconic moments to add herself


 
Virtual reality worlds could help treat drug addicts learn coping methods to stay clean


 
Dedicated TV presenter cuts short her wedding after earthquake hits, grabs mic and starts reporting from scene still in her bridal gown and veil


 
The making of a photographer to the stars: Lensman who grew up to work with Hendrix and Reagan's childhood in touching photos


 
Was JFK a meth addict? Outlandish claims that doctor's secret 'vitamin formula' given to President was in fact methamphetamine














 




































 
 
Back to top


 
 
Navigation


 
 
Popular






Home




U.K. Home




News




Sport




U.S. Showbiz




Femail




Health




Science




Money




RightMinds




Travel




Columnists







Popular searches in news:







Sitemap
Archive
Mobile Apps
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
This is London
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Villa Holidays


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group



© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
Advertise with us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies










 











 
 























