Hugh Jackman attacked at gym with electric razor by stalker who wants to marry him: prosecutors - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    New York         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      More of New York :   Events     Bronx     Brooklyn     Queens     Uptown     Education     Weather     Death Notices     New York Pics       News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          New York     
  Hugh Jackman attacked at gym with electric razor by stalker who wants to marry him: prosecutors An obsessed California woman is accused of not just stalking the 'Les Miserables' star but also trying to attack his face with an electric razor. Katherine Thurston told cops she wants to be Jackman's second wife, prosecutors said.     By   Irving Dejohn   AND    Bill Hutchinson     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Sunday, April 14, 2013, 10:56 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            infusny-156/Paul Adao/INFphoto.com 
	Hugh Jackman was approached by Katherine Thurston while he was buffing up for his role as Wolverine in the next 'X-Men' installment.
    
	A California woman obsessed with Hugh Jackman attacked the Aussie actor with an electric razor in a West Village gym because she didn’t like his whiskers, prosecutors said Sunday.

Katherine Thurston, 47, told cops she came to New York two months ago determined to become the married “Les Misérables” star’s second wife.

	“I want to marry him,” Thurston told NYPD Detective Frank Francisco, according to a criminal complaint. “This is not against the law. It is not against the law to have two wives.”
RELATED: SEE IT: ‘THE WOLVERINE’ TRAILER FINALLY UNLEASHED
	Thurston was arraigned Sunday night in Manhattan Criminal Court on misdemeanor charges of menacing, stalking, harassment and trespassing. She was also charged with criminal possession of a weapon — the black electric shaver she went after Jackman with.

	Jackman, 44, was not injured in Saturday morning’s frightening fan-gone-wild incident at the Gotham Gym on Washington St.

	“The most important thing is the security of my family,” Jackman said Sunday night outside his West Village home. “I’m very appreciative of what the DA is doing.”
RELATED:  DINKLAGE JOINS 'X-MEN: DAYS OF FUTURE PAST'
	Jackman was at the gym buffing up for his recurring role as the superhero Wolverine in the latest installment of the “X-Men” film series when the bizarre crime unfolded.


Jefferson Siegel 
Katherine Thurston, whose dream is to marry Hugh Jackman, appears in court Sunday on charge of attacking him with electric razor at a West Village gym. 

	He told cops Thurston was already outside the gym when he arrived at about 8 a.m.

	“We’re going to get married, right?” Thurston told Jackman before following him inside.
RELATED: HUGH JACKMAN ON GAY RUMORS: 'IT BUGS MY WIFE'
	She then allegedly pulled the razor full of hair out of a bag and charged after Jackman, but her attack was foiled by personal trainer Michael Castillo.

	Castillo booted Thurston from the gym. She was arrested a few blocks away.

	“I hated him having those whiskers,” Thurston told police.

	Thurston, who was being held Sunday night on $15,000 bail, claimed she started emailing Jackman about a year ago.

	On March 6, Thurston went to the school where Jackman’s 7-year-old daughter, Ava, is enrolled and confronted the actor’s wife, Deborra-Lee Furness, outside.

	“I’m going to marry your husband,” she told Furness, according to police.
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Melee erupts as cops arrest Muslim teen taunting Jewish subway rider      2   Bloody Queens girl-fight egged on by pals videotaping on phones     3   NYPD cop scams $95,000 in tax refunds     4   Vile defense against sex harassment lawsuit: She's too ugly to harrass     5   Women stole clothes to sell and buy other outfits     6   Teen charged in attempted rape near City Hall     7   City DOT supe busted on kidde porn charges     8   Man pleads guilty to molesting Hasidic teen in ritual bath      9   Seven years after Bronx tot's slaying, family hopes for justice     10   Woman who escaped Rwandan genocide becomes U.S. citizen         1   Melee erupts as cops arrest Muslim teen taunting Jewish subway rider      2   Bloody Queens girl-fight egged on by pals videotaping on phones     3   NYPD cop scams $95,000 in tax refunds     4   Vile defense against sex harassment lawsuit: She's too ugly to harrass     5   Bronx High School of Science Holocaust Museum and Study Center opens Friday     6   Teen charged in attempted rape near City Hall     7   Immigration: Path to citizenship will be complicated     8   Anthony Marshall gets temporary reprieve from prison sentence for looting Brooke Astor's estate      9   Tribeca restaurant objects to bike share docks     10   New York ranked nation's top yogurt producer                  Editor's Picks    Manhunt for Boston Marathon terrorist underway      A Boston Marathon bombing suspect was gunned down in a blazing firefight with cops while his armed and dangerous terrorist brother remained on the run early Friday, authorities said.     Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     Chechen bombing suspects planted device feet from Russian flag     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.     App delivers personalized dining recommendations     Ness 2.0 is catching up to Yelp, say its founders — with 4.5 million user-generated ratings so far.      NBC pulls ‘Hannibal’ episode after Boston bombs     NBC says it’s pulling an episode of its serial killer drama “Hannibal” out of sensitivity to recent violence, including the Boston bombings.     Did Boston carnage have its roots in Stalin's ruthless displacement of Muslims from Chechnya decades ago?           Did the carnage in Boston have its roots in Joseph Stalin's ruthless displacement of Muslims from Chechnya many decades ago in the depths of the Cold War?  The Tsarnaev family were ethnic Chechens, but they had hardly, if ever, lived in their homeland, ravaged by two bloody wars since the collapse of the Soviet Union.     Search continues for bodies amid rubble in Texas fertilizer plant explosion            As many as 60 people are still missing two days after a massive explosion in a Texas fertilizer plant decimated a small town, leaving at least 12 dead and injuring 200.      







 






 



  
       New York Video

    Daily News Pix Manhattan      From 1939 Times Square to the Towers in the 90's, the Daily News has the legendary photos of NYC.    Buy a Print       

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   