Front Sight Student of the Week - Melissa Kendall - YouTube

 
Sign in Search 
Upload  
 




      Dashboard
    






      Video Manager
    






      Analytics
    






      Settings
    

Guide 
 





Loading...
    




 










 




 

































    Front Sight Student of the Week - Melissa Kendall
  


 









Front Sight Firearms Training Institute·155 videosSubscribeSubscribedUnsubscribe 5,362 








                        Subscription preferences


                



Loading...








Loading...
    











Working...








 
    39,003
  






105
       
12




Like  
Sign in to YouTube

      Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to like Front Sight Firearms Training Institute's video.

    


















Sign in 


 
Sign in to YouTube

      Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to dislike Front Sight Firearms Training Institute's video.

    


















Sign in 






About 


Share 


Add to 

Sign in to YouTube

      Sign in with your Google Account (YouTube, Google+, Gmail, Orkut, Picasa, or Chrome) to add Front Sight Firearms Training Institute's video to your playlist.

    


















Sign in 




















Published on Jun 18, 2013



Follow Melissa Kendall through her Front Sight Handgun Training Course as she learns how to use a handgun





Category
        

Education



License


Standard YouTube License
  







Show more 


Show less 










Loading...
    










Loading...
    









Loading...
    









The interactive transcript could not be loaded.
      








Loading...
    








Loading...
    





Sign in 




Ratings have been disabled for this video.




Rating is available when the video has been rented.




      This feature is not available right now. Please try again later.
    












Loading...
    

















            Uploads from Front Sight Firearms Training Institute
          


by Front Sight Firearms Training Institute























1 Determined Adversary














Front Sight Student of the Week - Melissa Kendall














Front Sight Student of the Week   Shelby Wax














Hostage Taker Headshots at Front Sight














New Taste of Front Sight














Diana DeGette Is Clueless On Gun Control














Front Sight Student of the Week - Joanna Radford














FL Lawmaker Wants Anger Mgmt. before Ammo Purchase - Fox & Friends - 3-9-13














Canadian News Anchor Gives Warning To American Gun Owners














Gun Control Works














Armed Robbers vs Security Guard with AR-15














Sheriffs Against Obama Regime














Dan Bongino @ Guns Across America Rally in Annapolis, MD














Gun Violence Prevention Testimony - Henson














Gun Violence Prevention Testimony - Bill Stevens














School Shooters and Antidepressants- What's the Link














Obama: I Will NOT Take Your Guns away














Gun Control in Australia














Gun Control in UK














Piers Morgan's Gun Control Stats are Incorrect














Joe Biden: "If our actions result in only saving one life..."














Jesse Ventura Debates Piers Morgan on Gun Control














Larry Pratt schools CNN's Piers Morgan Over Gun Rights














2 dead at Clackamas, Oregon Shopping Mall STOPPED By Licensed GUN Carrier














Interview WIth A Gunfighter














Front Sight Student of the Week - Debbie Cappello














Front Sight Student of the Week - Jordan Berchen














Front Sight Student of the Week - Marci Palmer














Front Sight Student of the Week - Zoe Thompson














Front Sight Student of the Week - Renee Amour














Front Sight Student of the Week - Cathy Parker














Front Sight Student of the Week - Jenny Scott














Front Sight Student of the Week - Tish Glenchur














Front Sight Student of the Week - Beverly Robinson














Front Sight Student of the Week - Talena Lorren














Front Sight Student of the Week - Jessica Agin














Front Sight Student of the Week - Lisa Kotz














Front Sight Student of the Week - Heidi Rockey














Front Sight Student of the Week - Bruce Bagin














Front Sight Student of the Week - Keith Brown














Front Sight Student of the Week - Ron Soussa














Front Sight Student of the Week - Anna Vadine














More Students on Front Sight Firearms Training














Front Sight Student of the Week - Sandra Fico














Honeymooners at Front Sight














Incredible People with Solid Morals at Front Sight














Protecting the Second Amendment














From Michigan To Front Sight














Police Officers Speak About Front Sight














Security Guard with the Mindset and Skill














Gunman Stops Knife Rampage














NYC Mayor Bloomberg Reveals How Crazy He Really Is














Student Shoot Home Invaders














Internat Cafe Shooting - Armed Response














Herb Smith - Front Sight Student of the Week














Front Sight Student of the Week - Kristen Salas














Roger Pence - College Professor - Front Sight Student of the Week














Veteran Defends Home - Shoots Intruder














A Taste of Front Sight














Sheriff Richard Mack on Front Sight














Ignatius Piazza on the Alex Jones Show














David Thweatt has armed Teachers at his School














Elderly Couple Mugged by their Motel














Ersland Charged With Murder in Pharmacy Shooting














Real Gunfighter Lance Thomas on Justice Files














Front Sight Challenge - Firearms Competition Reality Show














Front Sight Challenge - Firearms Competition Reality Show














Front Sight Gun Training Reports














Front Sight Firearms Training Dry Practice Manuals














Front Sight Scoped Rifle training














Front Sight Shotgun Training














Front Sight Submachine Gun training














Front Sight M16 training














Front Sight Handgun Training














Firearms Training Concealed Weapon Permit














Front Sight Ignatius Piazza Scoped Rifle














Ignatius Piazza Front Sight Shotgun training














Front Sight Ignatius Piazza Sub Machine Guns














Ignatius Piazza Front Sight Hand Gun training














Front Sight Ignatius Piazza M16 gun training











Advertisement
      






 









4:55
 

Handgun DON'Tsby James YeagerFeatured93,769 









8:51
 

Front Sight Student of the Week - Joanna Radfordby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute44,215 views 









2:16
 

Gun Control Worksby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute131,173 views 









9:08
 

Gun Control in UKby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute29,063 views 









3:28
 

New Taste of Front Sightby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute18,546 views 









16:14
 

Front Sight 4-Day Handgun Training V-Log: Day 1by The Late Boy Scout30,963 views 









15:30
 

Removing front sight block, cutting delta ring and installing free float hand guard on AR-15by MissBattleBorn85,479 views 









4:44
 

Best Handgun For Home Defenseby GunznGear1,291 views 









6:24
 

The Best Handgun, Period.by TheYankeeMarshal597,934 views 









11:52
 

How to zero back-up iron sightsby BlueonGoldZ28,134 views 









4:06
 

How To Adjust Sights On A Hand Gun - How To Aim A Gunby salbarajas39,295 views 









19:07
 

Firearms Facts Episode 9: 5 Great Handguns for under $350by Iraqveteran8888307,629 views 









10:50
 

Understanding Sight Alignment & Sight Picture in the context of Defensive Shooting.by Rob Pincus112,812 views 









12:02
 

5 Handguns everyone should own...by Iraqveteran8888659,017 views 









3:28
 

Gun of the Week: FNH USA FNX-45by NRApubs3,550 views 









4:32
 

Armed Robbers vs Security Guard with AR-15by Front Sight Firearms Training Institute113,211 views 









4:06
 

Piers Morgan's Gun Control Stats are Incorrectby Front Sight Firearms Training Institute26,748 views 









12:03
 

Installation of the Gen2 Two Piece Free Float Handguardby ETHRON175,274 views 









3:58
 

How to Properly Load and Unload a Handgunby LoneStarHandgun227,231 views 









10:11
 

Brownells - Installing A Free Float Handguardby brownellsinc26,558 views


Loading more suggestions...
    

Load more suggestions 

 







 

 
Language:
  
  English
 


 
Country:
  
  Worldwide
 


 
Safety:
  
Off
 


 
Help






Loading...
    






Loading...
    






Loading...
    


 About
Press & Blogs
Copyright
Creators & Partners
Advertising
Developers
 Terms
Privacy

Policy & Safety
  
Send feedback
Try something new!









Loading...











Working...








Sign in to add this to Watch Later

    




Sign in to add this to Watch Later
  






        Loading playlists...
    







Back




 

 

 
 
