They Saw It Coming: Life After in West, Texas, After the Boom - The Daily Beast




























Follow @thedailybeast
TUMBLR

  




















Home
Politics

Business

Video
Entertainment

Fashion

Books
Art
Women in the World

Newsweek






Featured:

Boston Attack
Travel
The Royalist
Howard Kurtz
David Frum
Newsweek Subscriber Help






U.S. News











Content Section





They Saw It Coming: Life in West, Texas, After the Boom

by

 Christine Pelisek

Apr 22, 2013 4:45 AM EDT
 



 Folks in West, Texas, knew living so close to a fertilizer plant was a ‘bad idea.’ Christine Pelisek on the town’s stoic response to last week’s blast—and the debate over rebuilding.
 




 




















WEST, TEXAS—Long before a seismic explosion at the local fertilizer plant leveled dozens of homes and killed 14 people, including nine first responders, many residents of this small traditional Czech community felt as if they were living next to a ticking time bomb.




Bill Warren, a member of Veterans of Foreign Wars Post 4819, lowers the U.S. flag to half staff April 18 in memory of victims of the West Fertilizer Co. explosion. (Kevork Djansezian/Getty)


“Everybody has thought about it for years,” says Gary Horton, who lost his home in last week’s blast. “It’s always been a possibility. We talked about people making bombs in Oklahoma City, but there was a big bomb right across the street. It don’t take nothin’ but a spark.”

So on Friday night, as hundreds gathered at St. Mary’s Church of the Assumption for a prayer service honoring those who lost their lives at the West Fertilizer Co., the people of this town, 20 miles south of Waco and known for its stuffed kolache rolls and annual polka festival, traded stories of heroism and resilience—but rarely shock.

Daniel McGruder was hanging out with a neighbor Wednesday night when they were shaken from their chairs by the boom. The house shook so fiercely, he says, that it knocked the television off the wall. He instinctively knew it was coming from the 50-year-old fertilizer plant and ammonia storage facility a few blocks away. He ran outside witnessing what he later described as a “giant black mushroom cloud.”
Worried for his cousin, a volunteer firefighter who also worked at the nearby nursing home, McGruder immediately got in his truck and started driving toward the site. By the time he arrived, the one-story West Rest Haven had already collapsed into rubble.
“There were people still stuck in their beds,” he says. “I saw a lot of head injuries. There was blood everywhere. Eardrums were blown out. It was like a horror movie. The elderly patients had glass on them, and they were still in their beds.”

Patients and employees were dazed, crying, and moaning, he said. He saw a young female nursing-home worker, blood pouring from a head wound, trying to pull people from the debris before she was taken away to the hospital. McGruder, a Texas native and the father of two teens, joined the first responders loading the elderly into pickup trucks. “We loaded 15 to 20 patients in wheelchairs,” he said. “It’s something I will never forget in my life.”

He tried to help pull people out of the crumpled 25-unit apartment complex next door, but couldn’t continue. “I was too afraid to go in,” he said. “I couldn’t handle it anymore. I didn’t want to see any bodies.”
Fortunately, McGruder’s cousin narrowly escaped the blast with his life. “He broke his leg, right arm, and four fingers,” he says. But the explosion claimed the lives of five of the town’s 33 volunteer firefighters, most of whom worked day jobs as farmers, car salesman, city employees, and business owners. More than 160 people were injured.




First responders stand on an Interstate 35 overpass to honor two firefighters being transferred from a hospital in Waco, Texas, to Hillsboro, Texas, on April 20, three days after they were injured in an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. (Charlie Riedel/AP)



“It’s an accident. As long as my insurance covers it, I’m all right.”

As federal and state investigators try to determine what caused the blast, questions are swirling about the safety of the plant. It has recently come out that the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency had fined the facility $2,300 because of deficiencies in its risk-management plan, and the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Administration had not inspected the family-run plant, which contained 24,000 gallons of anhydrous ammonia and ammonium nitrate—the key ingredient used to make the bomb that tore apart the Murrah federal building in Oklahoma City—since 1985. More recently, in 2006, the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality cited the plant for failing to obtain a permit. The plant was checked out only when the state agency received a complaint about a strong ammonia smell. Reuters reported that in 2012 the plant had stored 1,350 times the amount of ammonium nitrate that would have normally triggered safety oversight by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security.

And, this year, a fire at the plant caused city officials to evacuate nearby West Intermediate School. It turned out the fire was a controlled burn of brush on the property.
Many locals like McGruder are left wondering why the plant was located in such close proximity to homes, apartments, a nursing home, and at least two schools in the first place. “It was too close,” says McGruder, 45, whose two children attend the local high school that was damaged after the blast. “Why build schools there? They knew that school shouldn’t have been there. There is so much pain in this town.”

When the plant was built in 1962, it was mostly surrounded by fields and a few small homes. But that began to change as the town grew up around it. The nursing home and the 25-unit apartment complex were constructed in the ’60s and late ’70s and were located within 150 yards of the plant. Subdivisions and homes began being built in the 1980s. The plant’s current owner, Donald Adair, bought it in 2004.





“Fifty years ago, it was just good business,” says Mimi Montgomery Irwin, a local historian and owner of the Village Bakery downtown. “People needed jobs, and someone needed to sell the property. It made sense for the time. We are on the hub of a farm region. You need a business like that to support the farming. Maybe they will be smarter about it now, but the business entity itself is needed.”

Joe Kotch, 71, says he moved to West one year after the plant was built. “They extended the town out,” he says as he drinks a coffee at the bakery, located near the train tracks that go through the town and bring chemicals to the plant. It was a bad idea, he said, but people became comfortable with it.
“It was always a bad idea to build around it, but no one thought it would ever happen,” he said. “I’ve been here for 50 years, and nothing has happened.” Kotch says the plant should be rebuilt outside of town. “It happened one time, it could happen again,” he says. “I think they should rebuild on [the owner’s] farming land.”

In keeping with the town’s stoicism, few residents expressed anger toward the plant’s management. Horton, who lost his home, says he doesn’t harbor any bad feelings toward the owners, who like him grew up in the city of West. “I know they didn’t do it intentionally,” he said. “I’ve grown up with those people. They’re good people. It’s an accident—I’m not going to file a lawsuit against them. As long as my insurance covers it, I’m all right.”

But that doesn’t mean they’re not shaken. Outside the church service Friday night, Annette Cook stood with her daughters trying to make sense of what happened. “It’s horrible,” she said. “Everyone here knows everybody. I know all the people who died. I knew that plant. It was really big for farmers.”

Cook runs the therapy department in a nursing home in nearby Hillsboro, which received close to a dozen elderly residents from West. “A few passed away from the commotion,” she says. Others, she said, “still had blood on their clothing” when they were brought to her facility the next day.

“They’re afraid it’s going to happen again. They don’t know where their roommates and friends are.”
Cook says when she heard about the blast, her first thoughts went towards a terrorist act. “I thought, God, someone hit us,” she says. “I thought, we are next. All the kids see is all this hate in the world. They all thought they would be next. You have to think of the kids here in West. This is all they know.”

Cook says she is mostly thankful that the blast happened at 8 p.m. and not during the day, when the kids were in school. “If it blew up earlier, kids would have been killed,” she says. “The kids would have been right in the middle of everything.”





Like The Daily Beast on Facebook and
 follow us on Twitter for updates all day
 long.
Christine Pelisek is a staff reporter for The Daily Beast, covering crime. She was previously a reporter at the LA Weekly, where she covered crime for the last five years. In 2008 she won three Los Angeles Press Club awards, one for her investigative story on the Grim Sleeper.
For inquiries, please contact The Daily Beast at editorial@thedailybeast.com.



Tags:

Oklahoma City,Oklahoma,United States,Czech Republic,Texas,United States,Environmental Protection Agency,U.S. News





You Might Also Like








Comments 


Powered by Livefyre
















15 Shows to Watch This Spring







ITV Studios for MASTERPIECE; Frank Ockenfels/AMC; Showtime; Helen Sloan/HBO

With the promise of warmer weather just around the corner, a slew of new and returning television shows are hitting the airwaves....




Jane Campion/See-Saw Films
‘Top of the Lake’ (Sundance Channel)
The Piano writer-director Jane Campion and the film’s Academy Award-winning star Holly Hunter reunite in the seven-part Sundance Channel miniseries Top of the Lake, which stars Mad Men’s Elisabeth Moss, Peter Mullan (War Horse),...




Joe Lederer/A&E
Bates Motel (A&E)
Norman. Mother. Bates Motel. These names are deeply ingrained in our collective memory, thanks to Alfred Hitchcock’s seminal Psycho (and a host of subpar sequels). But what led Norman to kill?...



View Full Gallery

 

From ‘Game of Thrones’ to ‘Bates Motel’ and ‘Top of the Lake,’ Jace Lacob on what’s worth watching.



Prev
Next






 The Cheat Sheet
 
 Newsletter



A speedy, smart summary of news and must-reads from across the Web, and the latest original stories on politics, entertainment, and more from The Daily Beast. Delivered every morning and weekday afternoons.







Sign Up






Thanks! You're subscribed to the newsletter.








Sorry! Please try again.




















Criminal or Combatant?
With Dzhokhar Tsarnaev now in custody, politicians are debating how to bring him to justice: as a terrorist or as an enemy combatant?






Play

'The Immediate Threat...Is Over'






Play

Boston Bombing Suspect on the Mat






Play

Brian Williams' Best Boston Lines







U.S. News









48 Hours, No Miranda
by Paul Campos
The “public safety” exception—invoked by authorities who withheld reading Miranda rights... More









His Murdered Best Friend
by Michael Daly
Brendan Mess, best friend of ‘Tam’ Tsarnaev, was found with his throat slit alongside two... More









He’s No Enemy Combatant
by Adam Winkler
Good for the Justice Department for ignoring the foolish and unconstitutional calls from... More



See all U.S. News stories





Stories We Like



Wonderwall
Celebs Hit the Beach -- Who Has the Best Beach Bod?


Rolling Stone
'Game of Thrones' Recap: 'King of the Ashes'


Your Tango
Sex & Sci-Fi: Summer's Hottest Movies & Men


International Business Times
Need Work? Australia’s Got Some Of ‘The Best Jobs In The World’


Your Tango
Celebrity Sex Talk: 7 Craziest Things We've Heard This Week


Ask Men
Tom Cruise's 10 Manliest Roles


Mental Floss
5 Americans Who Defected to North Korea


Huffington Post Politics
What's Driving Conservative Opposition to Immigration Reform?


Rolling Stone
Mad Men Recap: The Sellouts













Obama’s Turning Point on Detainees
A daring 2011 operation on the Red Sea and the fate of Dzhokhar Tsarnaev. By Daniel Klaidman.

by
Daniel Klaidman






Hypocrisy
The Obama Rule

by
Stuart Stevens



Library Launch
Bush Out of the Shadows

by
Eleanor Clift





After Boston
Heal with Muslims

by
Peter Beinart



Person of Interest
Greg Walden

by
David Freedlander



















Other News



NEWS




Steve Earle Spotlights the 'Invisible' on 'Letterman'
Patty Griffin and Robert Plant Journey to 'Ohio' - Premiere
Willie Nelson Rings in 80th Birthday With Neil Young, Norah Jones, Sheryl Crow
Get More from Rolling Stone




Entertainment




Reveal: Guess the Abs, Pecs and Guns
Michelle's million dollar jewelry day, plus more extravagant celebs
Jenna Dewan-Tatum's Maternity Style
Get More from Wonderwall




Entertainment




‘Downton Abbey’ gets the musical treatment — VIDEO
EW’s Bite of the Night: Submit your favorite quote from tonight’s best TV!
Michael Cera directs and stars in ‘Brazzaville Teen-ager’ — VIDEO
Get More from EW.com




Entertainment




Nevada Senate Votes To Repeal Ban On Same-Sex Couples' Marriages
Behold! The "Thor: The Dark World" Trailer Is Here!
Republican Congressman: I Learned More From The News Than From Homeland Security About Boston
Get More from Buzz Feed









The Daily Beast





Help
About
Contact Us
Jobs
Advertise
Privacy
Community Policy
Terms of Use
Financial Disclaimer
Copyright & Trademark


Sections:

Home
Election 
Entertainment
Books
Video
Women in the World
Press
Newsweek
Subscribe – 1Mth Free


Featured:

Boston Attack
Travel
The Royalist
Howard Kurtz
David Frum
Newsweek Subscriber Help


Partners:

Expedia
Hotels
Hotwire
Merchantcircle
Reference
Thesaurus
Urbanspoon


Weather data provided by Weather Underground, Inc.



Switch to Mobile
© 2013 The Newsweek/Daily Beast Company LLC





Get Email Updates Sign Up
Sign up for daily email updates from The Daily Beast











Rubric































