In Texas, Mourning First Responders Who Paid With Their Lives - NYTimes.com




Subscribe:

Digital / Home Delivery


Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com












U.S.





World
 
U.S.
PoliticsEducationTexas 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos
















A Texas Town Mourns the First Responders Who Paid With Their Lives 




Michael Stravato for The New York Times
Eddie Hykel, left, a firefighter from West, Tex., who was injured in the fertilizer plant explosion, watched on Saturday as colleagues from nearby towns raised a flag as a memorial to those who died. More Photos »

 

By 

MANNY FERNANDEZ

Published: April 20, 2013    













WEST, Tex. — Three-tenths of a mile from this town’s own ground zero, barely more than 24 hours after an explosion at a fertilizer plant tore through people’s houses and hearts, dozens of firefighters and emergency responders stood at attention.        



  
 Multimedia






Slide Show



Mourning First Responders in Texas









Map



Site of Fertilizer Plant Explosion






Related



The Caucus: Obama to Attend Memorial Service for Victims of Texas Blast
(April 22, 2013)




Plant Explosion Tears at the Heart of a Texas Town
(April 19, 2013)




Survivors in Texas Blast Are Bound by Loss
(April 19, 2013)




Emerging From the Rubble in a Texas Town
(April 20, 2013)







Connect With Us on Twitter
Follow @NYTNational for breaking news and headlines.
 Twitter List: Reporters and Editors





Their hands raised to their brows in salute, they faced one another in two lines in the parking lot of a school, forming two walls of blue as the body of a fellow firefighter was escorted between them in the night. A bagpiper blew “Amazing Grace” as the remains, draped in an American flag, were placed in a vehicle.        
It was a ritual they performed over and over — once for every person discovered in the wreckage who had been affiliated with a fire department. The scale of the disaster could be measured by the length of the ceremony; the firefighters and responders stood in the cold for about two hours, forming an honor guard 12 times for 12 bodies.        
“We’re family,” said Joe Ondrasek, 46, a fire official from Brazos County who stood in salute that night and had traveled here to represent the State Firemen’s and Fire Marshals’ Association of Texas. “It’s like losing your family. It’s like six members of your family got killed in a car wreck. That’s what it is, at that level.”        
Three days after the West Chemical and Fertilizer Company plant erupted in an explosion that destroyed part of this town north of Waco, the search of dozens of buildings around the plant was complete on Saturday, but the magnitude of the blast’s toll had barely started to settle in. Officials said at least 14 people were killed in the explosion, which occurred shortly before 8 p.m. Wednesday after a fire broke out at the plant for reasons that are still unclear and that remain under investigation by local, state and federal authorities.        
Steve Vanek, the town’s mayor pro tem, said the state fire marshal’s office and the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives had completed their investigation in parts of the area, but he did not elaborate.        
A majority of the dead were firefighters from five fire departments and one ambulance service who had rushed to the scene to battle the blaze and started to evacuate people when the plant exploded. Ten firefighters in all were killed, the worst disaster for Texas firefighters in more than 60 years.        
On April 16, 1947, fires and explosions aboard ships docked in Texas City killed hundreds of people — including 26 Texas City firefighters — in the worst industrial accident in American history, according to the Texas State Historical Association. The blast in West happened the day after the 66th anniversary of the Texas City disaster.        
After the explosion in West, it was not the Texas City disaster that many people here talked about as they tried to comprehend the scale of the loss, but another, more recent one. What Sept. 11, 2001, means to firefighters in New York City is a measure of what April 17, 2013, albeit on a smaller scale, means to firefighters in central Texas. The ceremonies at the rubble in West, the stories of the people who hurried toward the flames as others hurried away, the stunned disbelief and the raw emotion that have settled over volunteer fire stations for miles — all of it has evoked to many the imagery of Sept. 11.        
Late Friday afternoon, members of the West Volunteer Fire Department attended a service at a redbrick Roman Catholic church. They sat together near the front pews wearing matching red shirts. And after the service, they gathered next to one of their fire trucks, hugging and talking. They ranged in age from their 20s to their late 50s. They were the Texas equivalent of the macho image of New York firefighters — they wore cowboy boots and jeans and spoke with a slight drawl. One member walked out of the church in tears, his left arm in a black sling, black cowboy hat in hand. Another firefighter was on crutches, and another in a wheelchair.        
As they prepared to depart, they climbed into the cab of Engine 1 with great care, helping one another inside. On a window of the door of Engine 1 was a bumper sticker: “9.11.01 Heroes.”        
The department lost five of its 28 members, officials said. Several members were injured and taken to hospitals, including the chief, George Nors Sr., 67, who was released on Friday. The acting chief is his son, George Nors Jr., 34. Two men killed in the explosion — the 11th and 12th bodies given an honor-guard salute Thursday night — will be recognized as honorary West firefighters for their efforts to fight the blaze. The honor guard ceremony was coordinated by the nonprofit Texas Line of Duty Death Task Force.        
The department had five engines and trucks; now, it has two. On Friday night, trucks and firefighters from Waxahachie and other towns were in the fire station, covering the day-to-day duties so that members of the West department could recuperate and grieve among themselves and their loved ones.        
“They lost one-fifth of their organization,” Mr. Ondrasek said. “Many of the officers within the organization either died or are in the hospital. It all brings home how dangerous the job is that you don’t get paid to do. You’re serving your community because this is what you want to do and feel like you need to do. And you can pay with your life.”        
Mr. Ondrasek sat on the step at the back of a fire truck in the station. A fire chief in a Brazos County volunteer department and the secretary of the state firefighters’ group, he had come to West to assist the department with any of its needs.        
Among the 10 firefighters who died was Kenny Harris, 52, a captain with Dallas Fire-Rescue. He lived in West and had been off duty when he learned of the fire at the plant and responded to the scene, officials said. Two others who died were Cyrus Reed and Jerry Chapman, both members of the Abbott Volunteer Fire Department, a town seven miles north of West, according to an Abbott town official.        
By Saturday afternoon, normalcy had yet to return to West, a town of 2,700 that is a kind of Czech-American outpost in the region and home to Czech bakeries, restaurants and a Knights of Columbus Hall that hosts Czech polka bands.        
The explosion destroyed water lines, leaving much of the town without water. Three days after the explosion, service had yet to be restored to many homes and businesses.        
Town officials planned to open a part of the area near the blast site to residents on Saturday, though they said a curfew enforced by the authorities would be in place nightly starting at 7.        
In such a close-knit community, the connections between the dead, the wounded and the first responders was intensely intimate. The town’s mayor, Tommy Muska, is also a member of the Fire Department. One of the plant’s employees who died, Cody Dragoo, 50, was also a West firefighter. Another of the town’s firefighters killed at the plant, Morris Bridges, 41, lived about four houses away. The blast damaged his house and sent his family rushing for cover. His son, Brent Bridges, 18, had been standing outside the home, and he had no idea that the blast that blew out every window of the house had also killed his father.        
“My back was towards it,” he said. “I heard a loud bang, and I just saw a piece of metal hit our yard. It was on fire almost. I ran for my little brother, grabbed him and took off. He died trying to prevent that explosion.”         
Fernanda Santos contributed reporting.
 
 











A version of this article appeared in print on April 21, 2013, on page A10 of the New York edition with the headline: A Texas Town Mourns the First Responders Who Paid With Their Lives.




 










Try unlimited access to NYTimes.com for just 99¢.  SEE OPTIONS »














Get Free E-mail Alerts on These Topics












West (Tex)






West Chemical and Fertilizer Co








Explosions






Fires and Firefighters








 











 

 







 

 

 



 

 






 



 








 













 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








N.Y. / Region »




Redefining a Little Library





Science » 



A Virtual Pack, to Study Canine Minds





Opinion » 



Anxiety: The Hand That Feeds Us





Music »




Wanted: Mistresses, Must Be Married




Opinion »
Draft: How Writers Interact With the World
Many writers label Wi-Fi a distraction, but the impulse to connect with the outside world is an ancient one.





World »




In China, Breathing Becomes a Childhood Risk





Books »




Game Theory: Jane Austen Had It First





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Immigrant Kids, Adrift





Sports »




In a Corner of China, Boxing’s New Frontier





U.S. »




Bluebonnet Season in Texas Prompts Crowds




Opinion »
Letters: The Boston Case, From Many Angles
Readers react to developments in the marathon bombing investigation.





Health » 



A Lifeline for Widowed Fathers












© 2013 The New York Times Company
Site Map
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Advertise
Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Work With Us
RSS
Help
Contact Us
Site Feedback









