Mobile - NY Daily News











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Mobile         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          
  BREAKING  HEAVILY ARMED POLICE RUSH INTO WATERTOWN NEIGHBORHOOD, EXPLOSIONS HEARD IN VICINITY            x  

Apps​​

      
  
          
  Daily News Digital Edition      

App Store
The Paper You Love - Only Digital!
Follow the latest News, Sports, Gossip, and more.
Delivering the best of New York and the nation 24/7
Get a complete copy of the Daily News to read on and offline. The brilliant NEW Daily News app is available on iPad, iPad Mini, iPhone, and Android tablets and phones.
Includes full screen photo galleries, live news updates, and pixel perfect "tap and zoom" newspaper pages in an archive of back copies.


  New     Tablets And E-Readers      Now get the Daily News on your favorite E-Reader.
The full-text version of the edition is available each and every day. 
Subscribe now and get the Daily News on your Nook, Kindle, and Kindle Fire today.   



    Daily News Autos      Shop thousands of New and Used vehicles from New York’s
top dealerships.  Plus get the latest news, reviews and recommendations about everything autos!
How to get to the Daily News Autos website:
Enter the www.dailynewsautos.com into any web enabled device
Or scan the QR code from your camera-enabled smart phone
Or text DNAUTO to 48696
Daily News Autos Dealer Network also powers custom mobile solutions for New York's top dealerships for auto shoppers on the go.
For additional help, email: webmaster@nydailynews.com
For help, text "help" to 48696.  To stop text alerts, text "stop" to 48969. 
Message and data rates may apply.
For terms/privacy, go to nydn.com/terms          Best City App In The World!         

App Store
Android
The app that gives you keys to the city.

It combines our award-winning news and sports, restaurant guides, photo galleries and blogs with thousands of local listings that give users complete guides to everything from coffee shops to nightclubs, Wi-Fi hotspots to the latest events and special deals.


Based on geo-location it delivers the information that is closest to you.  From the nearest pharmacy to bank, nearest subway to Sushi bar.  And of course it will tell you what the stars predict for the day ahead.


A built-in QR code reader that will let you scan items in the paper and link direct to the web for live updates and photo galleries and more.


A comprehensive local experience, including pertinent traffic, transit, weather, restaurants, events, and much more real-time information.


  New       Mobile Website      Get our award winning website for free!
Bookmark m.nydailynews.com on your mobile phone for all the latest stories in News, Gossip, Politics, and updates from our bloggers.      

   Ads by Yahoo!     
   





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   