Yankees manager Joe Girardi keeps father's death secret to avoid distraction during ALDS vs. Baltimore Orioles - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Yankees         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Yankees     
  Yankees manager Joe Girardi keeps father's death secret to avoid distraction during ALDS vs. Baltimore Orioles The news of Jerry Girardi’s death became public Thursday afternoon when a newspaper in Girardi’s hometown of Peoria, Ill., published an obituary. The 81-year-old had been suffering from Alzheimer’s disease for several years, living in an assisted-care facility in Metamora, Ill.     By   Mark Feinsand     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Thursday, October 11, 2012, 3:47 PM  Updated: Friday, October 12, 2012, 10:55 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Alex Brandon/AP Joe Girardi’s father, Jerry, had been battling Alzheimer’s disease.     Related Stories   Boston bombing, Diamondbacks at Yankee Stadium elicit memories of time around 9/11 ... but not fear   Yankees closer Mariano Rivera says he wouldn't be where he is today without giving up home run to Cleveland Indians in Game Four of 1997 ALDS    Rare Honus Wagner card sells for $2.1M at auction; World Series ring sold by A-Rod’s cousin Yuri goes for more than $50K    Yankees lose Eduardo Nunez to bruised bicep and then game as Prince Fielder powers Tigers       
	Joe Girardi was on the team bus Saturday, headed to the train station when he learned that his father had died.

	Girardi made an immediate decision. He wasn’t going to tell anyone.

	The manager slipped on sunglasses to hide the tears, boarded a train for Baltimore and proceeded to manage the first three games of the American League division series without allowing those around him to know the personal pain he was experiencing.

	“I didn’t want to take away from the focus of what the club was trying to do,” Girardi said Thursday before the Yankees lost Game 4, 2-1, to the Orioles in 13 innings at the Stadium. “I didn’t want people to worry about me. My dad had always taught me — my mom, too — to persevere and finish the job. We have an expectation here and job that we’re trying to finish here.”

RELATED: A-ROD DROPPED TO NO. 5 AS GIRARDI JUGGLES LINEUP
	 
	The news of Jerry Girardi’s death became public Thursday afternoon when a newspaper in Girardi’s hometown of Peoria, Ill., published an obituary. The 81-year-old had been suffering from Alzheimer’s disease for several years, living in an assisted-care facility in Metamora, Ill.

	“It’s been somewhat difficult, but because I didn’t really have to talk about it, it was probably easier,” Girardi said, speaking publicly for the first time about his father’s death. “I told a couple people, but for the most part no one knew.”

PHOTOS: YANKS CAN'T CLOSE OUT O'S IN GAME 4 

	The Yankees observed a moment of silence for Jerry Girardi before Thursday night’s game.

	Girardi hadn’t told his players about his father’s death before the news went public. He planned to inform the team this weekend, ideally to tell his players he would miss Monday’s workout between Games 2 and 3 of the ALCS if the Yankees were to get past the Orioles.

	“I feel sorry for him. I know this is very tough,” Robinson Cano said. “I know he’s a family guy; you always see his (three) kids and his wife (Kimberly) around. He always says family comes first. Hopefully we can win (Game 5) for him tonight.”

	“I feel bad,” Derek Jeter said. “Your thoughts and prayers go out to him and his family. Obviously it’s a tough thing to deal with.”

GIRARDI SHOWS FAITH IN PHIL HUGHES FOR ALDS GAME 4

	Jerry Girardi served his country in the Air Force during the Korean War. He went on to work in construction sales, also working as a bartender and a bricklayer to help support his wife, Angela, and their five children.

	“He would lay bricks on the weekend, which he took me to do that with him, taught me that,” said Girardi, who earned a degree in industrial engineering at Northwestern. “So he gave me my first $100 bill at 7 years old because I worked four days with him and was covered in black mortar. We were doing a fireplace. It was a special relationship. Wherever my dad was, I was right behind him.”

	Girardi has often cited his father as being instrumental in his career, instilling a love of baseball in him at a young age. Girardi recalled the moment he informed his father that he had made the Cubs’ Opening Day roster in 1989 as one of his favorite memories. Giving his father his 1996 Yankees World Series ring was another.

	“Huge Cubs fan, loved the other sports, loved basketball, played a year at Bradley,” Girardi said. “We played in the backyard. He was tough on me when we played basketball. I mean, he’d knock me down. He taught me about how to get back up.”

	Girardi would visit his father a couple times each season, usually taking advantage of an off-day surrounding a Yankees series in Chicago or the Midwest. His last visit came in August, on an off-day between series in Chicago and Cleveland.

	Girardi’s eyes welled up several times while talking about his biggest influence not only in baseball but in life.

	“I think the best way to describe it is, if I could be half the husband and half the father my dad is, I’d do pretty good,” Girardi said.

	“He was always there for me. Even though he was working three jobs, he was always there for me. He taught me the value of hard work and perseverance, family and the important things in life.”

Twitter.com/BloggingBombers
     
  Post a Comment » 

   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments       
    Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     4   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     5   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     6   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      7   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     8   Rockies romp way to three-game sweep of Mets     9   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     10   Feinsand: Sabathia not up to speed, but lefty says no big deal         1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     4   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      5   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     6   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     7   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     8   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     9   Rangers rally in 9th, win 2-1 to tie World Series     10   Ex-Yank Berkman gets back at Texas               Apr 19th, 9:53AM    Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast: Robinson Cano, Al Leiter & news on Derek Jeter     On this week's edition of the Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast, All-Star second baseman Robinson Cano talks with Mark Feinsand about carrying the               Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...        Daily News Pix - Yankees      Ruth, Gehrig, Mantle, Berra, DiMaggio, Ford, Hunter, Jackson, Mattingly, Winfield, Rivera, Jeter...the Daily News has legendary photos of the legendary Yankees. Own yours today.     Buy a Print           Sports Video



  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   