Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration














Stay Connected



Socialize









 




Check out the latest on Politicus Sports:




 18 Apr 2013 - NFC West Draft Needs Breakdown
 16 Apr 2013 - We Shall Overcome: Why The Events in Boston Will Make America Stronger
 15 Apr 2013 - Two Confirmed Dead During One Of Our Nations Largest Sporting Events
 14 Apr 2013 - Lakers Kobe Bryant Suffers Devastating Injury
 14 Apr 2013 - Tianlang Guan Shouldn’t Be Babied at the Masters
 13 Apr 2013 - The Culture of Homophobia: Why We’re Years Away From Having An Openly Gay Professional Athlete
 12 Apr 2013 - NFC East 2013 Draft Needs
 08 Apr 2013 - Unitas Family Feud
 07 Apr 2013 - The NCAA Final Four Are Now Down To The Top Two.
 07 Apr 2013 - Williams slams Williams In Straight Sets






 
 


Senator Bernie Sanders 

Bernie Sanders Introduces Bill That Would Lead to Jail For Too Big To Fail 











 
 


Speaker John Boehner 

Boehner Might Actually Allow Votes on Guns and Immigration 






HOME
Sports
ALL TIME POPULAR POSTS
Proof of the GOP War on Women
The Dirty Thirty
Contact Us





Koch Block It
Voting Rights
The War on Women
Research
About Us
Privacy Policy
President Obama








Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration 

By: Sarah JonesApr. 19th, 2013more from Sarah Jones








 




Follow @srjones66   





Follow the crazy ball of conservative logic, in which the bombing/shooting in Boston allegedly by several Chechen immigrants naturally means that we should not pass immigration reform. Thus, we shouldn’t implement any kind of gun safety legislation even after repeated mass shootings by white men, but immigration reform should be killed because several immigrants allegedly bombed Boston.
Republican Chuck Grassley of Iowa has already sounded the alarms to kill immigration reform because we are not safe:
“Given the events of this week, it’s important for us to understand the gaps and loopholes in our immigration system,” he said. “While we don’t yet know the immigration status of the people who have terrorized the communities in Massachusetts, when we find out, it will help shed light on the weaknesses of our system.”




“How can individuals evade authorities and plan such attacks on our soil?” he continued. “How can we beef up security checks on people who wish to enter the U.S.? How do we ensure that people who wish to do us harm are not eligible for benefits under the immigration laws, including this new bill before us?”
Well, it might be a good start for Grassley to tell his party to get off of their bums and agree to raise a bit of revenue so we can put an end to the sequester cuts they say won’t hurt us, even as those very cuts negatively impact our homeland security resources (including border security — head/desk).
The usual suspects weighed in with their reliably right wing Jump to Conclusions Mat Win (h/t Washington Post):
It’s too bad Suspect # 1 won’t be able to be legalized by Marco Rubio, now.




— Ann Coulter (@AnnCoulter) April 19, 2013

And Bryan Fisher’s helpful take:
I think we can safely say that Rubio’s amnesty plan is DOA. And should be. Time to tighten, not loosen, immigration policy.
— Bryan Fischer (@BryanJFischer) April 19, 2013

Every time a white man goes on a shooting rampage, we’re told that he’s “one lone wolf”. If he was a white supremacist or anti-government extremist or sick paranoiac who thought the world was ending/Obama was coming for his guns and also listened to Glenn Beck or Fox News, we were told “he’s a bad apple”. If he shot at a Democratic lawmaker after being told over and over again that ObamaCare was going to lead to Death Panels, he was “crazy”. 
Let an immigrant or brown-skinned person do any of the above and it’s justification to mistrust the entire race/religion/ethnicity and implement laws codifying that prejudice/fear. 
Former National Rifle Association president Marion Hammer tried to suggest in January that banning guns was the same thing as the racial discrimination the GOP so readily engages in, “banning people and things because of the way they look went out a long time ago. But here they are again. The color of a gun. The way it looks. It’s just bad politics.” Right, so no banning of guns based on their “color”. Just ban the people based on their “color”/ethnicity/religion.
We’re also told that guns don’t kill, people do (same can be said of bombs, another exceptionally low-brow bumper sticker slogan) and the good guys need guns so they can kill the bad guys (no word on whether all Americans need bombs or tankers yet- stay tuned). 
Yet, here we have several suspects who reportedly had assault weapons in Boston, the day after the Senate Republicans killed the background checks bill. We’ll leave aside the allegations that the NRA blocked legislation to trace a chemical used in the marathon bombing, because it’s a bit more complicated than that — but we already have enough to cause the logic mainframe to self-implode in defeat. 
The argument for background checks is simple. As it stands now, our laws allow for terrorists to get their hands on weapons of mass destruction legally. Also, gun running — but we know that only bothers the right when they’re pretending to care about the life of an after-born human in order to justify impeaching Obama. 
The actions of several people are obviously not an accurate reflection of the entire group. But if conservatives are really so concerned about national security that they think we need to shut down our borders, I have to ask how we would pay for that under the sequester cuts to border security, the FBI, FEMA, the National Guard, and more.
Republicans need to stand tall for their alleged economic principles that outweigh homeland security on all fronts. When they were in power, you weren’t allowed to tell an audience that you were ashamed, but now that they are out of power, they are against us at every turn while claiming economic patriotism as a get out of jail free card. 
Days ago, conservatives were hyperventilating that the parents of murdered Sandy Hook children were politicizing their children by daring to show up to the background check vote. Today, we have conservatives politicizing the actions of a few to indict the many.
Image: Sazbean
Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration was written by Sarah Jones for PoliticusUSA, © Apr. 19th, 2013. All Rights Reserved




Related Posts :Initial Reports Suggest That Terrorism Was Behind Boston Marathon Bombing
The Boston Marathon is referring to the two explosions that occurred near the finish line as "bombs," wh ...John McCain Faces the Consequences of His Party's Fear-Mongering at Town Halls
Senator John McCain (R-AZ) faced the results of his party's targeting of undocumented immigrants in Ariz ...Racist House Republican Uses Boston Bombing As an Excuse to Kill Immigration Reform
Tea Party Republican Rep. Steve King (R-IA) is trying to exploit the bombings in Boston to kill immigrat ...CNN, the AP, and Fox News Get Boston Marathon Bombing Arrest Story Wrong
This all started when CNN first reported that law enforcement had identified a suspect, "The breakthroug ...Romney Supporters Illegally Imprisoned at Pennsylvania Campaign Rally
Citing 'security concerns', Romney supporters were not allowed to leave his Pennsylvania campaign rally ...By Blogsdna






8 Responses to Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration 





 


RJJB Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 2:46 pm	



It is just impossible to come to grips with the GOP from any angle. As long as they, and their NRA bosses rule America, we are all in serious jeopardy. The November election was a farce and America suffered a coup. It’s all over; democracy is dead.What do you think?  2  4 










 


Reynardine Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 2:48 pm	



Authoritarian personalities notoriously engage in self-preference, hypocrisy, and double-think. If they are followers, their leaders are automatically right *by essence*, and whatever they advocate cannot be gainsaid. If they are the leaders…well, they are often “dark triadists”, distinguished by sociopathy, narcissism, and Machiavellianism.What do you think?  4  1 










 


rmcg Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 4:17 pm	



easily able to masturbate with their guns; no so easy with immigrants. Masturbating with their guns seems to be sole occupationWhat do you think?  2  0 










 


Shiva Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 5:11 pm	



one would expect Brian Fisher to again be the party of hate. But unfortunately for him and Ann Coulter these guys were already naturalized citizens. I am sure ann is on suicide watch.
You can never catch bank robbers in the planning stage. You can catch people like these two brothers in the planning stage. In this situation all you could do is hope that a explosives sniffing dog was close by very quickly. There is nothing you can do to stop this ever unless you’re lucky.
But conservatives should be happy, they did have assault rifles and they did shoot at the cops. So they were happily engaged in fighting the government.
The GOP has no logic to anything they do. The two guys that did this bombing have nothing to do with immigration. But if there is a bright side to this, the majority of the people in the United States want immigration reform. This will be just one more thing like gun control that the GOP is going to say no on. And that’s in our favorWhat do you think?  3  0 










 


gritsngumbo Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 5:32 pm	



But the fact that the “majority of the people” wanted background checks didn’t make a difference to our sellout congress-critters. Why do we think immigration would be any different?What do you think?  1  0 










 


Mike Pendleton Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 5:57 pm	



The only think that can stop a bad immigrant in America is a good immigrant in America. Sounds logical to me.What do you think?  1  1 










 


Paws Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 6:18 pm	



Is there a petition we can start that would send them all for MRI’s and CT-Scans? I’m quite certain their brains have atrophied from lack of use.What do you think?  1  0 










 


Ruffnuk Reply


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 8:41 pm	



Although disheartening, I can understand that when someone is so disastrously stupid that they compare apples to avacados, they won’t be able to see their flaw.!st they didn’t blow up guns
2nd according to what I can find, they probably wouldn’t have had any trouble passing the proposed background checks. Violence prevention, wether gun or any other, HAS to begin at home with parents! Too many people are not involved enough in their kids lives to teach them right from wrong. Face it, too damned many parents don’t have a grasp of proper behavior.What do you think?  0  0 







Javascript must be enabled to post comments.

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Comment


 characters remaining out of a maximum of 1000

 You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>  




Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!  

Notice: Comments which contain too many CAPITAL LETTERS will be automatically modified to standard sentence case.

 




Our Latest on Facebook




 Recent Posts


Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives


Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration


Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attack


House Republicans Praise Exxon for Arkansas Oil Spill That Taxpayers are Cleaning Up


After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas



Recent Comments
djchefron(Moderator) on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackfedded-up on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackaleda midgarden on Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their LivesPublius Valerius on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist AttackShiva on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attack


Shop our 4 More for 44 store




Public Service Advertisement




Our Sponsors

Blog advertising is good for you.





 





Jason Easley
Sarah Jones
Hrafnkell Haraldsson
rmuse



HOME
Sports
ALL TIME POPULAR POSTS
Proof of the GOP War on Women
The Dirty Thirty
Contact Us




©2008 - 2013,  PoliticusUSA.com. All rights reserved.




Website Privacy & Cookies






[email protected]
[email protected]














politicususa.com Webutation










