Bayern's bid for Bundesliga record falters - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports        World Sport Home Analysis Football Golf Tennis Motorsport Horse Racing Sailing    



















Print
Email
More sharing














Bayern's bid for Bundesliga record falters



updated 5:59 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012










Xherdan Shaqiri scored Bayern Munich's second-half equalizer after coming on as a first-half substitute, but the Switzerland international's first Bundesliga goal was not enough to secure a new league record.




Thorben Marx celebrates his teammates after giving the visitors a 21st-minute lead, dampening the Bayern fans' prematch party mood.




Shaqiri then came on seven minutes before the halftime break after fellow summer signing Javi Martinez went off with an injury.




Last season's top scorer Mario Gomez replaced Mario Mandzukic after the interval, and was involved as Bayern drew level on the hour mark.




However, Bayern's Christmas celebrations were more muted than expected after failing to secure the victory needed to guarantee surpassing Borussia Dortmund's record of a 10-point mid-winter lead. Second-placed Bayer Leverkusen can cut the gap to nine by winning on Saturday.




The Allianz Arena was lit up with a laser show to farewell the players, who will start a four-week break after Tuesday's German Cup game at Augsburg.




HIDE CAPTION


Bayern blow
Gladbach goal
Spaniard subbed
Super Mario
Record in sight
Laser light



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6


>
>>






STORY HIGHLIGHTS


Bayern Munich fans denied winning celebration ahead of Bundesliga winter break
Home side has to come from behind to earn 1-1 draw with Monchengladbach
Result means Bayern must wait for Saturday's results to set new halfway record
Victory for Bayer Leverkusen will stop leaders breaking Dortmund's 10-point milestone




(CNN) -- Bayern Munich's hopes of taking a record lead into the Bundesliga's winter break were dented by a 1-1 draw at home to Borussia Monchengladbach on Friday.
The result left Jupp Heynckes' team 12 points clear at the top after 17 rounds, but second-placed Bayer Leverkusen can reduce that to nine by winning at home to Hamburg on Saturday.
Borussia Dortmund set the record of a 10-point halfway lead in 2010, but the third-placed defending champions can only close the gap to 11 by winning at Hoffenheim on Sunday.
Bayern, who won a record opening eight matches of this season, had hoped to put on a show to match the planned post-game "thank you" party for the 71,000 fans at the Allianz Arena, but Gladbach killed the mood by taking the lead in the 21st minute.












Fernando Torres scored twice as Chelsea crushed Danish side Nordsjaelland 6-1 at Stamford Bridge but it wasn't enough to save them from elimination from the Champions League. Juventus picked up a 1-0 win at Shakhtar Donetsk to secure its place in the last-16 and dump Chelsea into the Europa League.






Juventus secured its place in the next round with a 1-0 win in Ukraine courtesy of Olexander Kucher's 56th minute own goal. The victory also enabled the Italian club to snatch top spot from Shakhtar with the Donetsk side finishing second.






Gary Hooper and Kris Commons were the stars as Celtic claimed a 2-1 win over Spartak Moscow to clinch its place in the knockout phase. Hooper's 21st minute strike gave the Scottish champions the lead, only for Ari to equalize six minutes before the break. Commons fired home the winner from the penalty spot with nine minutes remaining.






Leo Messi endured a miserable night after he was forced off with injury during Barcelona's 0-0 draw with Benfica. The striker, who started the night on the Barcelona bench with his side having already qualified for the next stage, has scored 84 goals in 2012 and was hoping to break Gerd Muller's record of 86 goals in a calendar year which the former Bayern Munich and Germany forward set back in 1972.






Mario Gomez and Xherdan Shaqiri were both on target as last year's finalist Bayern Munich secured top spot in Group F with a 4-1 win over 10-man BATE Borisov. Thomas Muller and David Alaba were also on target, while Denis Polyakov was sent off for BATE.






Jonas fired Valencia to a 1-0 win at Lille with a 36th minute penalty. The Spanish club was already through to the last-16 before the game and will now look forward to the knockout phase.






Burak Yılmaz struck his sixth goal of the Group Stage to inspire Galatasaray to a 2-1 triumph at Braga. The win takes the Turkish side into the last-16 at the expense of Romanian side Cluj. Mossoro had given Braga a first-half lead, but goals from Yilmaz and substitute Aydın Yılmaz sealed the victory.






Cluj missed out on the last-16 of the Champions League despite becoming the first Romanian team to win at Old Trafford. Luis Alberto's 56 minute strike gave Cluj victory in United manager Alex Ferguson's 200th Champions League match in charge.






Down and out
Juve joy
Celtic surge
Messi misery
BATE battered
Vamos Valencia
Yes for Yilmaz
Bittersweet for Cluj
HIDE CAPTION



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8


>
>>





Champions League action
















From Inter Milan to Manchester City: The reigning English Premier League champions have snapped up right-back Maicon for an undisclosed fee to help boost their bid for domestic and European honors in 2013. The Brazilian international has been at the San Siro for the past six seasons and made 235 appearances for the club. 






Spurs to Hamburg: The Dutch international returns to the Bundesliga after a successful two-year spell at the north London club. Van der Vaart played for Hamburg from 2005 to 2008 before joining Spanish champions Real Madrid. 






Manchester United to Fulham: With the arrival of Robin van Persie from Arsenal earlier this month, the chances of Dimitar Berbatov playing even more of a bit part at Old Trafford have only increased. Fulham have been the benefactors of Alex Ferguson's growing indifference to the player he signed for $47 million from Tottenham Hotspur in 2008. The 31-year-old Bulgarian rejected suitors in Italy, notably Juventus and Fiorentina, to stay in the English Premier League.






Sao Paulo to Paris Saint-GermainThe $55 million paid by PSG for 19-year-old midfielder Lucas Moura broke the Brazilian transfer record for the third time this year, eclipsing the fee the French club spent on Thiago Silva and Chelsea's deal for Oscar. He will move to Paris in January, becoming the sixth Brazilian at the club.






AC Milan to Paris Saint-GermainAt $50.75 million, Thiago Silva is the world's most expensive defender in terms of upfront transfer fees -- though the largest including add-ons remains Rio Ferdinand's move from Leeds to Manchester United, which eventually rose to $150,000 more than the Brazilian's total). The 27-year-old spent three years in Italy with AC Milan and is an established international.






Athletic Bilbao to Bayern MunichSpain midfielder Javi Martinez completed a "complicated" move to the Bundesliga giants after activating a $50 million buyout clause in his contract that left him having to foot some of the bill.






Tottenham to Real MadridLuka Modric completed his long-awaited switch from English club Tottenham Hotspur to Spanish champions Real Madrid for a reported $50 million. After attempting to force a transfer ahead of the 2011-12 season, the Croatian has finally got his move away from White Hart Lane.








Lille to ChelseaEyebrows may have been raised upon seeing the size of the $49.5 million transfer fee Chelsea paid for Eden Hazard, but the 21-year-old Belgium winger is one of Europe's biggest talents, having being selected for the Ligue 1 Team of the Year three times in a row.






Internacional to ChelseaAfter a protracted saga of a transfer, Chelsea finally gave in to Internacional president Giovanni Luigi's demands and paid a Brazilian transfer record $39.25 million for 20-year-old midfielder Oscar. Only time will tell if the talented young playmaker is worth the money, but with so many creative options at Roberto di Matteo's disposal he may well have to make an immediate impact or risk spending a season on the bench.






Arsenal to Manchester United Robin van Persie, the English Premier League's top scorer last season, stunned Arsenal fans by joining rivals United for $37 million after refusing to sign a new contract.






Napoli to Paris Saint-GermainArgentina international forward Ezequiel Lavezzi arrives at PSG with a $36.25 million price tag and a big reputation following his five years in Italy. He will link up with another former Serie A star in Zlatan Ibrahimovic.








Borussia Dortmund to Manchester UnitedThose who cynically write off $26.25 million signing Shinji Kagawa as nothing more than a ploy to boost United shirt sales in Asia do so at their own peril -- the 23-year-old is a top-level player with excellent credentials: two Bundesliga titles, one German Cup, an Asian Cup and more than 30 appearances for Japan.






Everton to Manchester CityYoung England international Jack Rodwell was Roberto Mancini's first signing since winning Manchester City's first English league title in 43 years. At $24 million he is far from the most expensive player at the Etihad Stadium, but the highly-rated 21-year-old midfielder is seen as a long-term investment.






AC Milan to Paris Saint-GermainUntil last season, Zlatan Ibrahimovic had won the league eight years in a row with five different clubs. The Sweden striker's $24 million move to PSG pushed him further ahead of Nicolas Anelka as the most expensive player of all time, with total transfers of more than $210 million.






Arsenal to BarcelonaFor the second year in a row, a key Arsenal player has been lured to Spain by Barcelona. Last August it was Cesc Fabregas, this time it's Cameroon midfielder Alex Song. The 25-year-old moved for $23.7 million on a five-year contract, with a release clause of $100 million. 






Malaga to ArsenalSpain star Santi Cazorla was one of Malaga's marquee signings last season, but is the first of the troubled Spanish club's high-profile players to depart in the midst of financial problems. The winger's $23.5 million fee is similar what he cost when joining from Villarreal.








Borussia Monchengladbach to Borussia DortmundFinishing fourth in both goals scored and assists last season, Marco Reus almost single-handedly pushed Borussia Monchengladbach to a fourth-place finish in Germany and Champions League football. Champions Dortmund see the 23-year-old, who cost $21 million, as the ideal replacement for Shinji Kagawa -- and if his brief appearances at Euro 2012 are anything to go by he could become much more.






FC Twente to Borussia MonchengladbachAfter much interest from all corners of Europe, FC Twente's top-scoring target man Luuk de Jong decided to join Borussia Monchengladbach in an $18. 5 million deal. The 21-year-old, who scored 25 goals in 32 appearances last season, went to Euro 2012 but did not appear for the Netherlands.






Montpellier to ArsenalWith the eyes of the English Premier League's fans firmly set on the Robin Van Persie transfer saga, many have neglected the man coming in to replace him -- $18.5 million France international Olivier Giroud. For all the money PSG spent last season, it was Giroud and his 21 goals which spurred underdogs Montpellier to a first Ligue 1 title.






Valencia to BarcelonaNew Barca boss Tito Villanova acted quickly to fill the gap left since Eric Abidal's liver transplant, bringing in Spain's Euro 2012 surprise standout player Jordi Alba for a bargain $17 million to fill the left-back slot before the tournament had even finished.






AS Roma to LiverpoolNew Liverpool boss Brendan Rodgers paid $17 million for 21-year-old striker Fabio Borini, whose nine goals in 24 appearances at Roma earned him selection for Italy's Euro 2012 squad. He returns to Britain following an earlier loan spell with Rodgers' former club Swansea.






FC Cologne to ArsenalLukas Podolski has left his childhood club Cologne for the second time, having struggled to make an impression at Bayern Munich following his 2006 transfer. The Germany star cost Arsenal $15.75 million after scoring 18 Bundesliga goals last season -- which was not enough for "the Billy Goats" to avoid relegation.






Vfl Wolfsburg to Bayern MunichA surprise star of Euro 2012, Mario Mandzukic scored three times in three games for Croatia to be the tournament's equal top scorer. Bayern paid Bundesliga rivals Wolfsburg $15.75 million for the 26-year-old striker's services.






Ajax to Tottenham HotspurBelgium international Jan Vertonghen is already being touted by Tottenham fans as the long-term replacement for injury-plagued former captain Ledley King in the center of defense. His protracted $11.5 million transfer could prove key to the fortunes of new Spurs boss Andre-Villas Boas.






Marseille to ChelseaChelsea took its spending in the current transfer window to over $100m with the signing of Spanish full back Cesar Azpilicueta from French team Marseille.






Werder Bremen to ChelseaGermany midfielder Marko Marin agreed his $9.5 million move to Chelsea before last season had even finished, and the 23-year-old is expected to make a big impact for the European champions with the skills that have seen him dubbed "the German Messi."






AC Milan to InternazionaleAntonio Cassano has left AC Milan to join city rivals Inter, while fellow Italy striker Giampaolo Pazzini went in the other direction. Milan had to pay a reported $8.7 million extra for Pazzini, who at 28 is two years younger than his former Sampdoria teammate. Cassano, meanwhile, recovered from heart surgery to help Italy reach the final of Euro 2012.






Internazionale to InternacionalDiego Forlan struggled to impress in his one season in Italy after seven prolific years in Spain's top flight, but the 33-year-old Uruguay striker could prove to be a free-transfer bargain in Brazil for Internacional. He was named best player at the 2010 World Cup, where he was joint top scorer, and has led the goal charts twice in Europe.






Fiorentina to AC MilanMidfielder Riccardo Montolivo agreed to join Milan on a free transfer before helping Italy reach the final of Euro 2012, having spent seven years at Fiorentina. 






Real Madrid to Liverpool Turkey midfielder Nuri Sahin failed to impress in in his one season at Real Madrid after being snapped up from German champions Borussia Dortmund, and has been given the chance to kickstart his career in the English Premier League.






Maicon -- undisclosed fee 
Rafael van der Vaart -- $16 million 
Dimitar Berbatov -- undisclosed fee
Lucas Moura - $55M
Thiago Silva - $50.75M
Javi Martinez - $50M
Luka Modric - $50M
Eden Hazard - $49.5M
Oscar - $39.25M
Robin van Persie - $37.5M
Ezequiel Lavezzi - $36.25M
Shinji Kagawa - $26.25M
Jack Rodwell - $24M
Zlatan Ibrahimovic - $24M
Alex Song - $23.7M
Santi Cazorla - $23.5M
Marco Reus - $21M
Luuk de Jong - $18.5M
Olivier Giroud - $18.5M
Jordi Alba - $17M
Fabio Borini - $17M
Lukas Podolski - $15.75M
Mario Mandzukic - $15.75m
Jan Vertonghen - $11.5M
Cesar Azpilicueta - $11m
Marko Marin - $9.5M
Cassano/Pazzini - Swap
Diego Forlan - Free transfer
Riccardo Montolivo - Free transfer
Nurhi Sahin - Season loan
HIDE CAPTION



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8





9





10





11





12





13





14





15





16





17





18





19





20





21





22





23





24





25





26





27





28





29





30


>
>>





Top European football transfers
















The host venue for Saturday's Champions League final, Bayern Munich's Allianz Arena, has a capacity of 69,000 that the German club sells out for every match.






Chelsea's Stamford Bridge, on the other hand, has a capacity of just 41,837 -- but the English club has similar matchday revenue to Bayern due to higher ticket prices. However, owner Roman Abramovich is seeking to move to a bigger stadium.






Russian billionaire Abramovich has owned 100% of Chelsea since buying the club in 2003. Bayern, on the other hand, is 82% owned by fans -- most German clubs are governed by the "50+1" rule to protect them from aggressive takeovers.






German legend Franz Beckenbauer, left, lifts the European Cup in 1975 -- the second of Bayern's four triumphs. Chelsea skipper John Terry, right, missed a vital penalty in his club's only previous final appearance in 2008.






Bayern coach Jupp Heynckes won Europe's top club tournament with Real Madrid in 1998, while Chelsea's interim manager Roberto di Matteo is seeking to follow up this season's English FA Cup final success.






Bayern will be without (from left) David Alaba, Holger Badstuber, Luiz Gustavo, as the trio are suspended after being booked in the second leg of the semifinal against Real Madrid.






Chelsea's dramatic semifinal win over defending champions Barcelona came at a cost as Terry (left) was sent off, and Branislav Ivanovic, Raul Meireles and Ramires picked up yellow cards to also be ruled out of the final.






Bayern's record signing is $40 million top scorer Mario Gomez. Chelsea splashed out twice that on Fernando Torres, who has struggled to find the net since leaving Liverpool in January 2011. Bayern's revenue is higher, but Abramovich has funded Chelsea's spending sprees.






Bavarian stronghold
Leaving the Bridge?
Oligarch vs. fans
Bayern 4 Chelsea 0
Heynckes vs. Di Matteo 
Bayern's banned players
Chelsea's costly win
Spending power
HIDE CAPTION



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6





7





8


>
>>





Bayern vs. Chelsea: Final figures
















Manchester United is the most valuable brand in football according to a report by independent consultancy Brand Finance. The global appeal and on-field success of the 19-time English champions has helped establish a brand worth an estimated $853 million.






Bayern Munich's players and fans were distraught after losing Saturday's European Champions League to Chelsea, but the German team's brand was second on the list, valued at $786 million.






Real Madrid recently pipped Barcelona to the Spanish title, but both clubs have suffered setbacks financially. Both brands decreased, by 7% and 8% respectively, as a result of the eurozone crisis and its impact on the Spanish economy.






Chelsea's brand value was significantly boosted by the European triumph. The west London club, backed by Russian billionaire Roman Abramovich, is ranked fifth on the list valued at $398 million.






Manchester City's dramatic Premier League title win has increased the value of the Abu Dhabi-owned English club's brand, putting it eighth on the list, worth an estimated $302 million.






The 2011 Major League Soccer champions Los Angeles Galaxy had the honor of meeting President Barack Obama earlier this month. Galaxy, 50th on the list, still struggle to attract commercial rights deals which compare to the club's European counterparts.






Manchester's money machine
Silver lining
Cuts for 'El Clasico'
Champions cash in
City slickers
A major league?
HIDE CAPTION



<<
<





1





2





3





4





5





6


>
>>





Brand power: Football's most valuable clubs




Thorben Marx fired home from the penalty spot after Bayern defender Jerome Boateng handled a cross by Tolgar Cigerci in the visitors' first real attack of the match.
Bayern drop points in Dortmund draw
"I don't know how the referee could class that as a penalty," Boateng told reporters.
"I seriously don't think it was justified. I think we deserved to win."
Bayern lost $52 million August signing Javi Martinez to injury before halftime, but it was the Spanish midfielder's replacement Xherdan Shaqiri who netted the equalizer.
Heynckes -- who was born in Monchengladbach and also played for and managed the club -- also brought on last season's top scorer Mario Gomez for his early-season replacement Mario Mandzukic just 11 minutes after the break.
Germany striker Gomez, who missed three months with injury, helped make space for Shaqiri -- who took advantage of a slip by Marx to fire in a left-foot shot at the near post just before an hour's play.
It was the 21-year-old Switzerland international's first Bundesliga goal since signing from Basel in preseason, though he had netted in the Champions League earlier this month and in the German Cup in August.
Gladbach held on to move up to sixth place as Bayern dropped points for just the fourth time this season, having lost only once.
Bayern will begin the four-week winter break following Tuesday's German Cup last-16 trip to Bundesliga strugglers Augsburg on Tuesday.
The match may be a further test for Mandzukic, who scored nine league goals before Gomez returned from ankle surgery in mid-November -- but none since.
Gomez, who matched the Croatia forward's three goals at Euro 2012, has netted three times in seven appearances since his return.






0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web

























Part of complete coverage on 
Football Focus


Another 'dark age' - or a new dawn?

updated 8:35 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Racist abuse, fan violence, attacks on players -- on the face of it, English football seems to be experiencing a return to its darkest days.



Lone Udinese fan wins army of admirers

updated 10:09 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




He might have walked alone in a crowd of 15,000 fans, but for one Italian soccer fan that lonely experience has resulted in internet stardom.



Barcelona's Vilanova coach of the year?





CNN's John Sinnott on the quiet coach who has overseen Barca's record-breaking start to the season. 



Is Messi the greatest footballer?

updated 10:47 AM EST, Mon December 10, 2012




Lionel Messi's record-breaking 86-goal haul in 2012 further enhanced the argument that the Argentine is the best player the world has ever seen.



Messi beats Muller's goal record

updated 6:00 AM EST, Tue December 11, 2012




Lionel Messi takes just 25 minutes to dispel any doubts that he would break Gerd Muller's 1972 world record of goals in a calendar year.



The lonely death of Diego Mendieta

updated 1:24 PM EST, Thu December 6, 2012




Diego Mendieta was a man who needed help. There he lay, helpless. Alone. Dying. There were no news stories. There was no Twitter hashtag. 



Messi vs. Muller: The goal kings





Comparing the unique talents of Lionel Messi and Gerd Muller, two very different goal scorers from very different eras.



How Messi conquered the world

updated 10:57 AM EST, Tue December 4, 2012




Lionel Messi has dominated the football landscape in 2012 scoring goals for club and country at a rate unparalleled by any of his peers.



Time for football to act tough on abuse?





Is it time for referees to stop matches if racist and anti-Semitic abuse occurs?



FA grapples with anti-Semitism

updated 8:21 AM EST, Tue November 27, 2012




Violent attacks, the chanting of Adolf Hitler's name and anti-Semitic abuse -- not dark memories of the 1930s but present reality for Tottenham.



Can Benitez banish Chelsea's blues?





CNN's Tom McGowan outlines why Rafael Benitez can succeed as interim Chelsea manager.



Di Matteo architect of own downfall?





CNN's Pedro Pinto looks at how Roberto di Matteo's Chelsea tenure unraveled.



An Oviedo shareholder's tale

updated 6:59 AM EST, Wed November 21, 2012




Last Wednesday, in a move that I still don't fully understand, I became a shareholder in the Spanish football club Real Oviedo.



Football and the lure of spot fixing

updated 11:41 AM EST, Wed November 21, 2012




The Secret Footballer lifts the lid on betting practices in the English Premier League in a special column for CNN.



Ibrahimovic sparks social media storm

updated 1:46 PM EST, Thu November 15, 2012




Zlatan Ibrahimovic's stunning overhead volley in Sweden's win against England set ripples across social media.



Will the real Zlatan please stand up?





After his four-goal tour de force against England, CNN's Pedro Pinto examines the merits of the one and only Zlatan Ibrahimovic.



Football's addiction to gambling

updated 12:38 PM EST, Tue November 13, 2012




The Secret Footballer reveals his experiences of the gambling addiction that is rife among many English Premier League players.












NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »


























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










