After school shooting, how do we stop the violence? - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   

























Print
Email
More sharing














After school shooting, how do we stop the violence?


This story started on CNN iReport



updated 5:58 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012





A Connecticut State Police officer runs with a shotgun at Sandy Hook Elementary School in Newtown on Friday, December 14.


STORY HIGHLIGHTS


Dozens killed in Connecticut elementary school shooting
People around the world ask, simply: Why?
Tell us what you think society should do to help control violence




Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.
(CNN) -- As the story of the tragic Newtown, Connecticut, elementary school shooting unfolds, many people are pondering: Why has there been so much violence in the U.S. lately, and what can be done to stop it?
This year saw a mass shooting of movie theater patrons in Aurora, Colorado; the sentencing of Jared Lee Loughner on 19 counts, including murder and the attempted assassination of congresswoman Gabrielle Giffords; and the first overall rise in U.S. violent crime in nearly two decades. And as the world heard about the Connecticut school killings, many people took to social media to express their frustration.

"I feel like I'm going to be sick.— Andy Carvin (@acarvin) December 14, 2012


these poor children. whatever is going on... can't help but ask: why??? #angry— Brooke Baldwin (@BrookeBCNN) December 14, 2012


We're universally shocked and horrified by these tragic events. The question is: What do we do now? A simple search for "WTF?" on Twitter turns up an outpouring of frustration over this story. And the comment threads on CNN.com lit up with debates over gun control.
So now what? CNN would like to hear from you. Tell us what you think needs to be done to help control violence in the world. Where do you think we should channel our frustration? Is it better gun control? Readily available health care? More money for policing and emergency response? Share what you think society needs to do to stop the killing.
Tweet your ideas with the hashtag #nowwhat, or share your thoughts in the comments below. If you're in Newtown and would like to share images, or you have remembrances, please upload them to CNNiReport.com.
Complete coverage: Connecticut school shooting





0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
Connecticut school shooting


Follow the story live





Watch CNN's LIVE TV coverage of the Connecticut elementary school shooting as the story continues to unfold.



26 dead in elementary school massacre

updated 12:53 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




A Connecticut community is working together to discover what happened after a gunman entered an elementary school and shot dead 20 children and six adults before apparently killing himself.



Teacher read to students during shooting

updated 11:49 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The 5-year-olds in Janet Vollmer's kindergarten class heard the noise: Pop. Pop. Pop. 



Comforting survivors: 'Hug them'

updated 11:56 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




The sound of gunfire, confusion, a lockdown and then an evacuation. Witnesses, students and parents told frightening stories after the shooting.



What makes schools safer? 

updated 11:36 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Security experts predict what comes next: A strong reaction -- maybe an overreaction -- to school safety. And within months, it'll be back to cuttign security budgets.



Shooting triggers 'mind battle' for Columbine victims

updated 11:39 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




When she heard about Friday's mass killing at a Connecticut elementary school, Kacey Johnson felt her own trauma reawaken.



Slain principal worked to keep students safe

updated 11:44 AM EST, Sat December 15, 2012




Principal Dawn Hochsprung, killed in Friday's shooting at her Connecticut elementary school, recently installed a new security system to ensure student safety.



How the school shooting unfolded 

updated 6:47 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




CNN's Susan Candiotti reports on how the Connecticut school shooting happened, leaving dozens of people dead. 



Mom: Parents waited; kids didn't come out

updated 7:15 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Family members give their accounts of the school shooting in Newtown, Connecticut.



Timeline: School violence in the U.S.

updated 12:11 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Learn more about school violence in the U.S. with our interactive timeline of incidents of random violence at elementary, middle and high schools since 1927. 



Timeline: Worst mass shootings in U.S.





Click through our interactive timeline to learn more about the worst mass shootings in the United States since World War II.



Impact Your World: How to help





Learn how to help the victims and families affected by the Connecticut school shooting tragedy.



Complete coverage

















NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »
































                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










