France pulls last troops from combat roles in Afghanistan - CNN.com

         SET EDITION:  U.S. INTERNATIONAL MÉXICO ARABIC    TV:   CNN CNNi CNN en Español HLN      Sign up Log in                Home TV & Video CNN Trends U.S. World Politics Justice Entertainment Tech Health Living Travel Opinion iReport Money Sports   

























Print
Email
More sharing














France pulls last troops from combat roles in Afghanistan



By Laura Smith-Spark, CNN
updated 1:14 PM EST, Sat December 15, 2012





STORY HIGHLIGHTS


France pulls out its last units engaged directly in combat in Afghanistan
About 1,500 French troops will remain to remove equipment and train Afghan forces
French medical personnel will also continue to serve at a military hospital in Kabul
The United States still has 68,000 troops in Afghanistan




(CNN) -- France pulled its last troops engaged directly in combat out of Afghanistan Saturday, in line with a promise by President Francois Hollande to accelerate his country's withdrawal from the long-running conflict.
About 1,500 French troops remain in Afghanistan to remove equipment and to help train Afghan forces, Defense Ministry spokesman Thierry Burkhard said.
They are likely to stay there for about six months, he said.
The troops who left Saturday will spend a couple of days in Cyprus to decompress and rest before rejoining their families in France for the holidays, according to CNN affiliate BFM-TV.
Top general expects IED problem to rise in Afghanistan
Some 2,500 French troops in total have been withdrawn from Afghanistan over the past year, the channel reported.
French personnel will continue to run Kabul's international airport and serve at the city's military hospital into 2014, BFM-TV said.
France was one of the bigger contributors of troops to the NATO-led International Security Assistance Force.
The United States, whose troops make up the bulk of the force, still has some 68,000 personnel in Afghanistan.
Coalition forces are working to get Afghan security forces ready to take charge of security after all NATO-led troops withdraw from Afghanistan at the end of 2014.
What does future hold for Afghanistan?






0
Comments »












Print
Email
More sharing


















We recommend



From around the web




























Part of complete coverage on 
CNN Recommends


Syrian refugee count far from truth

updated 7:15 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




The U.N. reports that half a million Syrians have registered as refugees, but a Red Cross worker says the true figure is far higher.



Syrian refugees on the run

updated 3:57 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




It's raining on the camp, and water is seeping into the unheated tents.



Will China head to the moon in 2013?

updated 10:35 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Tensions with the U.S., the push to clean corruption and plans to land on the moon are trends to watch next year, writes Kristie Lu Stout.



Photos: The women of Pakistan





Kaye Martindale and Geoff Brokate traveled through Pakistan for eight months photographing local women, including Malala Yousafzai.



Inside Syria's underground TV

updated 6:20 AM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




Amid the constant chaos of flying bullets, a new underground television channel has become a must-see for residents of Aleppo, Syria.



One small step for Kim Jong Un

updated 5:05 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




North Korea's successful launch of a satellite is a major feat, but it is not a serious military threat to other nations, Joe Cirincione writes. 



The sound of life in a refugee camp

updated 7:05 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




CNN's Ivan Watson speaks with a Syrian violinist in exile in Turkey



Greeks escape austerity for farm living

updated 5:41 AM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Greece's financial crisis is causing some to escape the big cities and opt instead for rural living. CNN's Diana Magnay reports.



Cape Town takes on Tinseltown

updated 12:52 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




South Africa is becoming a major destination for Hollywood movie makers, including the smash hit "Chronicle, "Dredd" and "Safe House."



'Casablanca' piano set for auction

updated 5:24 PM EST, Thu December 13, 2012




If you love "Casablanca," here's your chance to play it again, and again, and again. One of the pianos featured in the 1942 film is for sale.



Corinthians: Craziest fans in the world?

updated 1:13 PM EST, Fri December 14, 2012




Marcos Nunes swigs from his badly concealed bottle of red wine on a chilly street corner in the Japanese city of Nagoya before deciding the question was something between a joke and an insult. 



What was your best moment of 2012?





As 2012 draws to a close, many of us look back to our most memorable moments of the year. Send us picture that captures your 2012 highlight.












NewsPulse

Most popular stories right now


Wal-Mart slashes prices on iPhone and iPad





Sheppard: Malala is face of school attacks





Fiscal cliff indecision leaves paychecks up in the air





Live blog: Children and adults gunned down in Connecticut school massacre





'Why? Why?': 26 dead in school massacre




Explore the news with NewsPulse »


























                     Home | Video | CNN Trends | U.S. | World | Politics | Justice | Entertainment | Tech | Health | Living | Travel | Opinion | iReport | Money | Sports Tools & widgets | RSS | Podcasts | Blogs | CNN mobile | My profile | E-mail alerts | CNN shop | Site map    CNN en ESPAÑOL | CNN Chile | CNN Expansion | العربية | 한국어 | 日本語 | Türkçe CNN TV | HLN | Transcripts |    © 2012 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Terms of service | Privacy guidelines | Ad choices | Advertise with us | About us | Contact us | Work for us | Help             










