["I really do wish you weren't getting downvoted for speaking your mind just because people disagree with you. :/", "My guildies rarely noticed the missing vote, but if they did, I'd just tell them I voted for the tank that had 700k protection and was peeling for me the whole match. They understood. ;)", 'It does suck that they left - you would probably have recognized most of the names - almost all of them were long time Shadowlanders.  We\'d moved our mains to PoT5 (a week before the removal of 8v8 ranked announcement was made, grrr,) but we still ran lowbies on Shadowlands.  4 man death match just wasn\'t interesting enough to keep most of them around, though. Not as the only "endgame" PvP option, anyway.', "Why can't their be a middle road? Why is it either play the game how it is and shut up or quit, and go away silently?", 'I don\'t get it either. I realize that people have seen some complaints that were genuinely dumb. I also realize that people get tired of completely idiotic comments like "why r u still playing this game, it sucks, lol."  What I don\'t get, though,  is the automatic jump to "if you don\'t like it, just leave," even for posts that are well written and coming from people that are clearly long time players who are passionate about the game, just frustrated about something.  I don\'t see how that\'s helpful. Because, as you said,', 'In my opinion tackling the source of frustration yields better results in life than scaring off those who were affected by it.', 'Also, as I mentioned in the other thread, most of my guild ended up unsubbing because of some of these exact issues. Not because they didn\'t like the game - quite the contrary. But mainly because of what they felt was poor decision making regarding PvP. So...forgive me if I don\'t find it "hilarious."  I miss my guild, and if the stuff in this petition gets addressed, they might actually resub.', "Do you not find it alarming that the streamer from the first Galactic Guild Battle promotion has announced that he's quitting?  Part of it is the fact that his brothers stopped playing - and that was part of the reason he was playing an MMO to begin with; but he also listed the removal of 8v8 ranked as a reason. ", "This also hurts the streaming community - a lot of people WERE streaming PvP who aren't anymore - this includes some of the folks behind this petition. (And that was free publicity for BW.) Go to Twitch, browse games, and see how far down you have to go to find people watching SWTOR. There are more people watching people playing games I've never even heard of.  (And this isn't a bash of the game, it genuinely makes me sad.)", "It didn't have to happen the way it did. There were 10+ long time subs there than wouldn't have been lost otherwise.", 'Someone in the group I referenced in the message has interviewed Amber before and might be helpful there, even if you decide against what I messaged about.  ', 'If you were affected by this issue, submitting a customer support ticket is definitely the right approach. Please submit a ticket to CS from the character affected with any relevant information and CS will take it from there.', "I was wondering if there had been another statement since then that I missed, or if people were misinterpreting the one we both linked. I'm leaning towards the latter.", 'A smelly part of those Tauntaun guts is that for Game Update 2.4 we are removing 8v8 Warzones from the Ranked Queue.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']