 Bags: I have a high quality backpack (Case Logic) and a Travelpro Rollerboard. I never check luggage, so I want something light and tough.Cases: My phone and my laptop are both in cases. Otter Box for my phone, and a Thule case for my laptop. I have a 3M privacy screen, but I also work on confidential docs.Gear: iPhone and an iPad Mini. Both have the option of being a hotspot. I have Bose QCs, and a pair of in-ear headphones (Sony and/or Beats Tours). I use a 13" MacBook Pro (and I do software dev and technology consulting)Chargers: of course, I have the cords. But I carry a USB battery pack for emergency charging of my phone. Has a USB plug for other things.Other: I carry Airborne Chewables, a small first-aid kit, a Tide pen and a small pen looking thing which has two sizes of flathead/Phillips screwdrivers on either side. I also carry Benedryl - works for both allergies and sleeping on red eye flights. Oh, and a hand warmer packet.Finally, I have a pair of New Balance minimas I carry. Compact and thin, but not goofy looking like the Vibram Five Fingers. For shorter travel (3 days or less) I carry a smaller overnight bag instead of my Travelpro. I am a roller when it comes to packing, and would rather be compact and spend 20 mins ironing than carry a bigger suitcase.The section you quoted was referring to the /media/ using the term, not the Republicans. I certainly don't blame them for using it - I get how political games work. But news outlets should be above that.Look how many are using the term "Obamacare". It's not called that. But they don't want to say, "Republicans are fighting for a delay in the Affordable Care Act." But why not? It's what it is, right? Out of curiosity - why Marriot over Hilton? When I first started traveling, I picked Hilton because my wife had worked for them at one point many moons ago. But I've wondered what it's like on the "other side"The easiest way to explain it would be if someone asked about boiling an egg, and they had a problem with them cracking. But then they revealed the way they were cooking the egg was siphoning gasoline into a drip tube and feeding it directly to a pan under the cooking vessel. Oh sure, it might be heating your water now, and you might even get some eggs cooked. But the process shows such a fundamental misunderstanding of highly dangerous semantics that they need to stop what they are doing RIGHT THIS SECOND and rethink all that they know about whatever they are doing.I know this can be frustrating to newbies. But if you are on any kind of a Unix box and aren't sure why it's bad to use sudo, or it doesn't spring immediately to your head why passing user-generated data directly to a system process would be a bad idea, you have quite a bit of reading in front of you.For example, start here: https://www.owasp.org/index.php/Category:OWASP_Top_Ten_Project. For real fun, look at something like an RFC for OAuth2 security: http://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6819. If you are writing public facing service, you should know security implications well. http://www.tuaw.com/2013/09/20/ios-7-activation-lock-secures-your-device-in-case-of-theft/So now we have vast amounts of people sticking their fingerprint on the device, for security theater. Doesn't seem like much could go wrong with that. Maybe the iPhone 8 will come with finger-prick technology to do a blood sample for security.I'm aware of things like Dish Internet - in fact, we're using a Verizon 4G hotspot. But I work from home, so our usage is around 60GB per month, and that's with us being very conservative in our use.Mix is mostly domestic, with some international. I've slowed down the Int'l travel because of how hard it is on the family. I fly a lot, and I can tell you that if anyone tried for the cockpit door, you'd have a lot of people beating them down now.But it's really, really, really hard with everything else that surrounds them. TV shows, school mates, etc. Ultimately we can only do the best we can.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but