Guess what, we also "violently" ban murder and theft. But hey, YOLO right? It's their choice to murder people and steal shit. Why don't we let them do that while we're at it? We have a ban on graffiti, but hey they just want to express themselves. Why not let them draw dicks on other peoples' property? We have a "violent" ban on drunk driving. Again, YOLO right?I tell you what, let's make another analogy. Homes used to be built with asbestos and lead paint, both of which caused a number of health problems for those living in them and occassionally people living near them. Should we allow people to build homes like this anymore? I mean, it's their choice right?Furthermore, people already attack other people with drugs. Slipping X into someone's drink for a night of fun. You do realize that once you make these substances easier to obtain and legal to carry that it will become an epidemic right?Secondly, you do realize that many drugs make people do drugs end up doing violent things BECAUSE of the drugs, right? Are you really telling me that people should be allowed to do bath salts in the park? Also, no. Drugs will never be something cheap, so the poor who use them will still end up killing people to fuel their habit. On top of that, because drugs make you a less stable and valuable worker, they keep these people from climbing out of the gutters. A coke head will continue spending his money on coke despite a need for health care or clothing. You are basically advocating legalizing something that victimizes people.You're advocating allowing people to poison themselves,  kill others or get themselves killed by doing stupid things. Such naivety, I have never heard it before.If you want to throw away your vote in the belief that a non mainstream party will win the popular vote, that's up to you. But many of us also see many of those 3rd parties as even worse than the current two. I'll take a democrat over a libertarian any day. While I am a green party member, I recognize that the strength of the green party is in its influence, not in it's ability to get elected. As for socialists...even I'm not that liberal.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but