["The tsunami was generated through displacement of water, which is considered swift and sudden as from what we know, it wasn't a building event. ", 'When a quake is shallow, there is less material to travel through and more energy makes it to the surface. Thus shallow quakes feel sharper and larger even though they may not be.', 'Obviously the type of quake that occurs and the local geology plays a huge part in the end shaking end result, but generally depth translates to the following:', "There have been multiple 7.0's+ this year with an 8.2 off the Kamchatka Peninsula, but nothing like this destruction or anything.", "The probabilities reflect how likely each toll is. So the most probable event is that the death toll is over 1,000 people but under 10,000. There is still a number of other probabilities and scenario's possible however, but for instance, the no death toll and under ten death toll is now impossible.", "It's been a while since an event of this magnitude has occurred so bear with me, my usual resources aren't playing ball. This event happened 40 minutes ago and is still a very raw, developing situation.", 'Magnitude: Right now the USGS is calling this a 7.8 event, whilst CSEM-EMSC is reporting it as a 7.4 magnitude. The local agency is reporting this as a 7.7 event.', "Depth: Currently the USGS is reporting the quake's depth at 15 km (9.3 miles), with the Pakistan Meteorological Department showing the quake occurring at 10 km. Either way this is a very shallow quake and considering it's size, the movement is going to be very strong.", 'Intensity of Shaking: Looking at the Data provided by the USGS, the Shaking map indicates localized XI shaking (Heavy) to about 100 km, with lighter and moderate shaking throughout the region. Due to the level of buildings in the area, the outlook is not looking too good for those living in the region.', "Expected Damages: Current modelling suggests a 35% probability of the total cost of the quake being between 100m-1b, a 26% probability of the quake costing 1b-10b USD. A more optimistic 21% chance for the 10m-100m USD category whilst the remainder of the prediction shows a 9% probability for 10b-100b USD and a 6% for 1m-10m USD. Statistical 1%'s for both the 'under US $1m' and 'above US $100b'.", 'Expected Fatalities:Right now the USGS is predicting a 35% probability that the death toll falls between 1k-10k. A 27% chance of 10k-100k dead with a more optimistic 20% probability for the 100-1k death toll. Unfortunately due to the strength and depth of this quake, there is also an 11% probability of the death toll rising above 100,000. The remainder of the prediction rounds out at 5% for 10-100 fatalities and a statistical 1% for the toll to remain under 10. ', 'Tsunami: No Tsunami has been generated due to the quake occurring on land and causing no displacement of water.', 'Note: It should be taken into consideration that this province is both the largest and least populated region in Pakistan. The epicenter is in a large, mountainous region with no major industrial developments. The probability for the death toll of the quake still remains high but is likely to be revised down as official tolls come in.', "Even though right now the networks aren't reporting any casualties, remember that the region this has hit is remote and is likely hard to reach due to locally damaged infrastructure. ", '[2:00 pm GMT] Officials in the region have updated the death toll to 30. Expect this to rise.', '[1:03 pm GMT] Russia Today is reporting homes damaged across the city of Awaran with reports of roof collapses at two schools. Sourced from local media.', "It's been a while since an event of this magnitude has occurred so bear with me, my usual resources aren't playing ball. This event happened 40 minutes ago and is still a very raw, developing situation.", 'Magnitude: Right now the USGS is calling this a 7.8 event, whilst CSEM-EMSC is reporting it as a 7.4 magnitude. The local agency is reporting this as a 7.7 event.', "Depth: Currently the USGS is reporting the quake's depth at 15 km (9.3 miles), with the Pakistan Meteorological Department showing the quake occurring at 10 km. Either way this is a very shallow quake and considering it's size, the movement is going to be very strong.", 'Intensity of Shaking: Looking at the Data provided by the USGS, the Shaking map indicates localized XI shaking (Heavy) to about 100 km, with lighter and moderate shaking throughout the region. Due to the level of buildings in the area, the outlook is not looking too good for those living in the region.', "Expected Damages: Current modelling suggests a 35% probability of the total cost of the quake being between 100m-1b, a 26% probability of the quake costing 1b-10b USD. A more optimistic 21% chance for the 10m-100m USD category whilst the remainder of the prediction shows a 9% probability for 10b-100b USD and a 6% for 1m-10m USD. Statistical 1%'s for both the 'under US $1m' and 'above US $100b'.", 'Expected Fatalities:Right now the USGS is predicting a 35% probability that the death toll falls between 1k-10k. A 27% chance of 10k-100k dead with a more optimistic 20% probability for the 100-1k death toll. Unfortunately due to the strength and depth of this quake, there is also an 11% probability of the death toll rising above 100,000. The remainder of the prediction rounds out at 5% for 10-100 fatalities and a statistical 1% for the toll to remain under 10. ', 'Tsunami: No Tsunami has been generated due to the quake occurring on land and causing no displacement of water.', 'Note: It should be taken into consideration that this province is both the largest and least populated region in Pakistan. The epicenter is in a large, mountainous region with no major industrial developments. The probability for the death toll of the quake still remains high but is likely to be revised down as official tolls come in.', "Even though right now the networks aren't reporting any casualties, remember that the region this has hit is remote and is likely hard to reach due to locally damaged infrastructure. ", '[2:00 pm GMT] Officials in the region have updated the death toll to 30. Expect this to rise.', '[1:03 pm GMT] Russia Today is reporting homes damaged across the city of Awaran with reports of roof collapses at two schools. Sourced from local media.', "It's been a while since an event of this magnitude has occurred so bear with me, my usual resources aren't playing ball. This event happened 40 minutes ago and is still a very raw, developing situation.", 'Magnitude: Right now the USGS is calling this a 7.8 event, whilst CSEM-EMSC is reporting it as a 7.4 magnitude. The local agency is reporting this as a 7.7 event.', "Depth: Currently the USGS is reporting the quake's depth at 15 km (9.3 miles), with the Pakistan Meteorological Department showing the quake occurring at 10 km. Either way this is a very shallow quake and considering it's size, the movement is going to be very strong.", 'Intensity of Shaking: Looking at the Data provided by the USGS, the Shaking map indicates localized XI shaking (Heavy) to about 100 km, with lighter and moderate shaking throughout the region. Due to the level of buildings in the area, the outlook is not looking too good for those living in the region.', "Expected Damages: Current modelling suggests a 35% probability of the total cost of the quake being between 100m-1b, a 26% probability of the quake costing 1b-10b USD. A more optimistic 21% chance for the 10m-100m USD category whilst the remainder of the prediction shows a 9% probability for 10b-100b USD and a 6% for 1m-10m USD. Statistical 1%'s for both the 'under US $1m' and 'above US $100b'.", 'Expected Fatalities:Right now the USGS is predicting a 35% probability that the death toll falls between 1k-10k. A 27% chance of 10k-100k dead with a more optimistic 20% probability for the 100-1k death toll. Unfortunately due to the strength and depth of this quake, there is also an 11% probability of the death toll rising above 100,000. The remainder of the prediction rounds out at 5% for 10-100 fatalities and a statistical 1% for the toll to remain under 10. ', 'Tsunami: No Tsunami has been generated due to the quake occurring on land and causing no displacement of water.', 'Note: It should be taken into consideration that this province is both the largest and least populated region in Pakistan. The epicenter is in a large, mountainous region with no major industrial developments. The probability for the death toll of the quake still remains high but is likely to be revised down as official tolls come in.', "Even though right now the networks aren't reporting any casualties, remember that the region this has hit is remote and is likely hard to reach due to locally damaged infrastructure. ", '[2:00 pm GMT] Officials in the region have updated the death toll to 30. Expect this to rise.', '[1:03 pm GMT] Russia Today is reporting homes damaged across the city of Awaran with reports of roof collapses at two schools. Sourced from local media.', "It's been a while since an event of this magnitude has occurred so bear with me, my usual resources aren't playing ball. This event happened 40 minutes ago and is still a very raw, developing situation.", 'Magnitude: Right now the USGS is calling this a 7.8 event, whilst CSEM-EMSC is reporting it as a 7.4 magnitude. The local agency is reporting this as a 7.7 event.', "Depth: Currently the USGS is reporting the quake's depth at 15 km (9.3 miles), with the Pakistan Meteorological Department showing the quake occurring at 10 km. Either way this is a very shallow quake and considering it's size, the movement is going to be very strong.", 'Intensity of Shaking: Looking at the Data provided by the USGS, the Shaking map indicates localized XI shaking (Heavy) to about 100 km, with lighter and moderate shaking throughout the region. Due to the level of buildings in the area, the outlook is not looking too good for those living in the region.', "Expected Damages: Current modelling suggests a 35% probability of the total cost of the quake being between 100m-1b, a 26% probability of the quake costing 1b-10b USD. A more optimistic 21% chance for the 10m-100m USD category whilst the remainder of the prediction shows a 9% probability for 10b-100b USD and a 6% for 1m-10m USD. Statistical 1%'s for both the 'under US $1m' and 'above US $100b'.", 'Expected Fatalities:Right now the USGS is predicting a 35% probability that the death toll falls between 1k-10k. A 27% chance of 10k-100k dead with a more optimistic 20% probability for the 100-1k death toll. Unfortunately due to the strength and depth of this quake, there is also an 11% probability of the death toll rising above 100,000. The remainder of the prediction rounds out at 5% for 10-100 fatalities and a statistical 1% for the toll to remain under 10. ', 'Tsunami: No Tsunami has been generated due to the quake occurring on land and causing no displacement of water.', 'Note: It should be taken into consideration that this province is both the largest and least populated region in Pakistan. The epicenter is in a large, mountainous region with no major industrial developments. The probability for the death toll of the quake still remains high but is likely to be revised down as official tolls come in.', "Even though right now the networks aren't reporting any casualties, remember that the region this has hit is remote and is likely hard to reach due to locally damaged infrastructure. ", '[2:00 pm GMT] Officials in the region have updated the death toll to 30. Expect this to rise.', '[1:03 pm GMT] Russia Today is reporting homes damaged across the city of Awaran with reports of roof collapses at two schools. Sourced from local media.', "It's been a while since an event of this magnitude has occurred so bear with me, my usual resources aren't playing ball. This event happened 40 minutes ago and is still a very raw, developing situation.", 'Magnitude: Right now the USGS is calling this a 7.8 event, whilst CSEM-EMSC is reporting it as a 7.4 magnitude. The local agency is reporting this as a 7.7 event.', "Depth: Currently the USGS is reporting the quake's depth at 15 km (9.3 miles), with the Pakistan Meteorological Department showing the quake occurring at 10 km. Either way this is a very shallow quake and considering it's size, the movement is going to be very strong.", 'Intensity of Shaking: Looking at the Data provided by the USGS, the Shaking map indicates localized XI shaking (Heavy) to about 100 km, with lighter and moderate shaking throughout the region. Due to the level of buildings in the area, the outlook is not looking too good for those living in the region.', "Expected Damages: Current modelling suggests a 35% probability of the total cost of the quake being between 100m-1b, a 26% probability of the quake costing 1b-10b USD. A more optimistic 21% chance for the 10m-100m USD category whilst the remainder of the prediction shows a 9% probability for 10b-100b USD and a 6% for 1m-10m USD. Statistical 1%'s for both the 'under US $1m' and 'above US $100b'.", 'Expected Fatalities:Right now the USGS is predicting a 35% probability that the death toll falls between 1k-10k. A 27% chance of 10k-100k dead with a more optimistic 20% probability for the 100-1k death toll. Unfortunately due to the strength and depth of this quake, there is also an 11% probability of the death toll rising above 100,000. The remainder of the prediction rounds out at 5% for 10-100 fatalities and a statistical 1% for the toll to remain under 10. ', 'Tsunami: No Tsunami has been generated due to the quake occurring on land and causing no displacement of water.', 'Note: It should be taken into consideration that this province is both the largest and least populated region in Pakistan. The epicenter is in a large, mountainous region with no major industrial developments. The probability for the death toll of the quake still remains high but is likely to be revised down as official tolls come in.', "Even though right now the networks aren't reporting any casualties, remember that the region this has hit is remote and is likely hard to reach due to locally damaged infrastructure. ", '[2:00 pm GMT] Officials in the region have updated the death toll to 30. Expect this to rise.', '[1:03 pm GMT] Russia Today is reporting homes damaged across the city of Awaran with reports of roof collapses at two schools. Sourced from local media.', "It's been a while since an event of this magnitude has occurred so bear with me, my usual resources aren't playing ball. This event happened 40 minutes ago and is still a very raw, developing situation.", 'Magnitude: Right now the USGS is calling this a 7.8 event, whilst CSEM-EMSC is reporting it as a 7.4 magnitude. The local agency is reporting this as a 7.7 event.', "Depth: Currently the USGS is reporting the quake's depth at 15 km (9.3 miles), with the Pakistan Meteorological Department showing the quake occurring at 10 km. Either way this is a very shallow quake and considering it's size, the movement is going to be very strong.", 'Intensity of Shaking: Looking at the Data provided by the USGS, the Shaking map indicates localized XI shaking (Heavy) to about 100 km, with lighter and moderate shaking throughout the region. Due to the level of buildings in the area, the outlook is not looking too good for those living in the region.', "Expected Damages: Current modelling suggests a 35% probability of the total cost of the quake being between 100m-1b, a 26% probability of the quake costing 1b-10b USD. A more optimistic 21% chance for the 10m-100m USD category whilst the remainder of the prediction shows a 9% probability for 10b-100b USD and a 6% for 1m-10m USD. Statistical 1%'s for both the 'under US $1m' and 'above US $100b'.", 'Expected Fatalities:Right now the USGS is predicting a 35% probability that the death toll falls between 1k-10k. A 27% chance of 10k-100k dead with a more optimistic 20% probability for the 100-1k death toll. Unfortunately due to the strength and depth of this quake, there is also an 11% probability of the death toll rising above 100,000. The remainder of the prediction rounds out at 5% for 10-100 fatalities and a statistical 1% for the toll to remain under 10. ', 'Tsunami: No Tsunami has been generated due to the quake occurring on land and causing no displacement of water.', 'Note: It should be taken into consideration that this province is both the largest and least populated region in Pakistan. The epicenter is in a large, mountainous region with no major industrial developments. The probability for the death toll of the quake still remains high but is likely to be revised down as official tolls come in.', "Even though right now the networks aren't reporting any casualties, remember that the region this has hit is remote and is likely hard to reach due to locally damaged infrastructure. ", '[2:00 pm GMT] Officials in the region have updated the death toll to 30. Expect this to rise.', '[1:03 pm GMT] Russia Today is reporting homes damaged across the city of Awaran with reports of roof collapses at two schools. Sourced from local media.', "The idea is that using computers that monitor the plants, the conditions can be changed appropriately. A combination of red and green LED's and a closed system, the company found that they could grow plants to harvest in a third of the time that traditional farming takes. The closed system also means there is no need for chemical treatment, promoting healthier, more natural plants. It also reduces the water usage drastically. In combination with renewable energy means (solar is definitely the leader here), the plantlab method shows a solution to a future that promises urban sprawl.", "Whilst the idea of skyscraper farming is pretty damn ridiculous in terms of real estate cost, the likely hood of the future is a few basement levels included in the property sold to a local urban farming company. Building buildings for farming is ridiculous, but including a basement to rent out, not so much. You'll be able to provide major population centers with local produce sources which would ease pressure on out of city/state/country suppliers. ", 'At the end of the day, the argument of skyscraper farming comes down to the simple fact that traditional farming only uses the horizontal plane. Skyscraper farming uses the vertical as well (Not in the grandiose size I am aware).', 'Virgin Atlantic, Virgin Australia, Virgin America - All airlines in their own respective regions and internationally.', "Here is a list of some of the companies. There are smaller companies that aren't listed that can be found here", 'It really is exciting to see the potential this has, effectively creating industries worth billions, if not trillions of dollars. ', 'The craft will offer so much in the form of research and development, accessibility to locations for research project and overall usefulness (It holds Rover bays, diver bays and accommodation).', "I think the point we all need to remember is that a lot of government funded research projects have substantial financial limitations. I agree, it seems somewhat overkill, but if the budget only allows for something simply constructed, sailed and so forth, then it's what it allows.", 'Also another reason it operates the way it does (Being able to rotate 90 degrees), is to allow for the ship to be able to operate on custom angles. ', 'I cannot vouch for any of these reasons being why, just more points to think about.', 'Magnitude: Originally reported as a 6.9, the magnitude had been revised to a 6.5 event. ', 'Intensity of the shaking: USGS reports the intensity at Mercalli III, although the did you feel it reports indicate moderate (V).', "Expected Damages: Don't expect too much if any damages. The quake is classed as deep and fairly far away from dense population. ", 'Expected Fatalities: None if any. Again the distance from population and the depth make this quake fairly safe. ', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']