They seem to have been good to the open source community lately; I recall they released some exFAT code recently too.Your kernel will not be tainted, or unstable .... as is the case with the binary drivers.Google has done very well to make them install-able by Linux distros, but in some cases there are hoops to jump through.Why not just give people a citation, like a speeding ticket, or whatever kinda criminal fines, or penalties .... including jail time.Taxation is so passive/aggressive..... worst of all many people in the higher crust of society can simply afford to pay the tax if their libertarian ideals or whatever compel that sort of things. But for those libertarian types who are not high earners it's a bad deal to choose between the economics of paying huge insurance bills, or higher taxes.... all the while both represent a major blow to the ability to survive in the post recession economy. I guess what I'm saying is the threat of jail time would be a higher incentive to people with the money to join the mandated insurance and not care. So why did they choose a tax? I have a triple display setup, aka three 24" lcd panels driven by one nVidia 670GTX.Noveau drive the card perfectly, and with higher levels of stability than the binary drivers from nVidia.While I don't run KDE on a dailly basis, I have tried that on my rig and it works just fine when I have.It is much preferable to run the noveau driver these days, more stability, and the kernel is not "tainted" by the driver. That means you are much more likely to get free support from the Fedora kernel team, because they don't bother with tainted kernels. Please note this is the same reason why it's better to run KVM instead of virtualbox.... but I digressVerizon will refuse to increase capacity for free to back-hauls that they peer with who are over subscribing the peer relationship. Verizon can continuously increase this capacity at all the entry/exit ports around it's portion of the managed network... the part of the internet it controls. This has a great cost, and those costs are always pushed to the consumers.Verizon can lower costs for the customers, and maybe even realize higher profit margins by simply making the other side of the peering relationship assume the costs of adding more ports.This has nothing to do with a bribe and everything to do with Verizon having shitty peers that attempt to exploit it's network.I've heard good reports of the ASAUS zenbooks, and a few folks put Fedora on the new Samsung ATIV book plus, but I'm not sure how well the support is there. (too early)I personally not a fan of Lenovo, or much else. I run Fedora on the Samsung 2012 Chromebook (Exynos 5250). Cheap, can throw it way without much care due to cheapness. The new information is relating to the enumeration of video ports on the card, so not a huge step, and something already mostly solved.Is that folder hierarchy accessible to Apache?(every folder in that chain must be read/exec for Apache to access and run the script.When you choose to write untrue things, people down-vote you, including people not directly involved in the discussion. rsync -av ~/Documents /Volumes/Backup/backups/Doc$(date +%Y%m%d) >> /Volumes/Backup/backups/log.txt 2>&1Those percent symbols in the date cmd are going to messup your crontab, those are crontab newline symbols. It would work on the normal commandline, but not in crontab. They would have to be in the script which is executed by cron, but not in crontab itself, unless those percent symbols were escaped.Bash does this stuff internally without the need to use stdio pipes or any messy sub-processing.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but