Our protagonist loses. The idea is set in a weak fictional morality that decides that all bad people ultimately need punishment. (Spoiler Alert) The sopranos was the first show to glamorize the anti-hero with Tony. Ultimately though, what good did that do anyone in the last season of that show? In the end, Tony is dead, his family, direct and indirect are gutted. Why? What purpose was served? Intelligent Mafioso are known for there staying power. Some served long lives as the heads of families. Would it be too uncomfortable portray the bad guy getting away with it? Is it so far fetched? Bad guys in real life live long prosperous lives, why do writers insist on punishing them in the end?The fact that so many people wanted Dexter to die or face punishments screams of a fairy-tale ending. Why watch the show if not to endorse the bad guy in all his behaviors?Eight seasons of wanting Dexter to get out of sticky situations and survive only to have him fried like an egg in the Chair? Please, make your mind up.It should be conditional upon watching a show like Dexter, that you prepare yourself for the bad guy to win and the for the good guy to lose. BBC Says it better than I do: http://www.bbc.co.uk/news/world-asia-india-24012424They actually got non traders and had them try their hand at trading. Two groups traded. The first was told to think like a trader, the second wasn't told anything. The group that was told the think like a trader not only did better but rated the feeling of loss and failure as substantially less. Think like a trader when you approach.It was also found that a $500 win and a $500 loss don't have the same emotional weight in the mind. If you could imagine that happiness could be measured, a $500 win would be 5 if measure on a scale of 10. You'd imagine a $500 loss would be 5 on a scale of 10 that measure sadness right? In actual fact, it measures around 7-8. Losses take a larger emotional toll. Thinking like a trader could help alleviate that. Obviously numbers are used as an analogy for human psychology. I've found way to much truth in looking at how I deal with loss and failure.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but