If you're headed to the Fair this weekend, you've got to check out the USAF flight simulator! The simulator lets you experience an Air Force mission from a first person perspective, including an F-22 interceptor mission and a Special Forces mission. Check it out near the foot of the Top o' Texas Tower. Here 'till Sunday.Cable TV makes a deep fried fair cooking competition show (Deep Fried Masters) and where do they find 2 out of the 3 judges? Texas guys Abel Gonzales and Butch Benavides!Besides the Iowa State Fair's gimmick is the stick. They had over 60 foods sold on a stick this year.Sometimes you'll have to sit through a short presentation or walk through an area. In the past we've found freebies from from free toothpaste samples (Sensodyne) to a free beard trim (Braun?). Last year (or the year before) there was a cool Lego area for the kids. Sometimes the auto show vendors have freebies, but its usually brand swag like reusable bags.But hey it's your fair, you enjoy your gluten free salad and I'll eat something fried I probably wouldn't eat the other 363 days of the year...Oh make sure you don't miss the food court in the Embarcadero. Last year I bought a plate of Texas Twisters (fried spiral cut potatoes with cheese) as large as my head.And I found this list of new foods at the fair this year. There's a couple of things on there I must try!Start here with the list of all the finalists and winners of the 2005-2013 Fried Food contests. Pick a few items that sound awesome to you, most of the winners are still sold year-to-year. The program guide has a map to the stands selling this year's finalists.Past favorites of mine that I would get again: Hans Kraut Ball, Fernie's Deep Fried Peaches & Cream, Donkey TailsEveryone will tell you how good Fletcher's Corny Dogs are. However, if you did not grow up around here, it probably not taste like you expect a corn dog to (could be a good thing or a bad thing). Fletcher's batter is not sweet and is a little grainy, like traditional cornbread is. If you have to have a corn dog and you want a traditional Midwestern sweet batter, there's a stand to the right of Big Tex that sells excellent footlong corn dogs.What do you like to do and what is your budget? I've never been to the Minnesota State Fair but I went to the Iowa State Fair almost every year growing up.As you walk around, take time to appreciate the exquisite Art Deco architecture of Fair Park, decorated with statues and murals. Most of the buildings were built for the 1936 Texas Centennial Exposition. The Texas State Fair started in 1886.The Chinese Lantern festival was awesome last year. They only accept State Fair tickets for payment. Last year it was cheaper before 5pm but you couldn't leave/reenter. This year you can leave/reenter but I don't know about timing discounts.If you like cars or are shopping for one, the Auto Show is huge. It's in the two buildings on either side of the Esplanade (large rectangle pool). I usually don't bother unless I need an A/C break or its raining.I recommend walking into the Hall of State for a few minutes. They're having an exhibit on Big Tex this year but the hall itself is beautiful inside.Then amble over to Big Tex's plaza, take your picture with him and wait for him to say something. He burned last year so this year is a new mold with a deeper tan. If you find him creepy, you're not alone, but keep it to yourself. He's an 50+ year icon of the fair.You can get your butter sculpture fix at the Creative Arts Pavilion, as well as see all the beautiful craft blue ribbon winners. I usually have a friend or two displaying so it's a never-miss for me. Then pop across the road to the Food & Fiber pavilion for a few samples, see Elsie the Borden cow (the $1 milk is a Fair bargain) and you can buy Texas-made food products in the middle. Make sure you get a Dublin/non-corn syrup Dr Pepper.Most of the Midway consists of fair rides and carnie games. The Fair Park exclusives are the Log Flume (tame), Texas Star (expensive, can be long wait, worth riding once), the Skyway (expensive), and the (new this year) Top of Texas Tower. I might do the Tower this year. At night, unless you don't care about standing for long periods of time or not having a front seat, choose between the parade (7:15pm) and the Illumination Sensation (8pm). I personally prefer the Illumination Sensation, which is patriotic music videos with fireworks and flamethrower accompaniment. The parade is an electrical parade. Once its over, there's a big rush to Illumination.Do you like shopping? Corporate exhibits giving away freebies? Flea market and sold-on-TV stuff? Animals? Taking kids with you? I can recommend more stuff based on your interests...I saw a photo on reddit earlier today of a book with "I <3 you" carved out of the pages of Harry Potter hardback. It looked like a murder crime scene. If you don't want to steal them or don't have stores like that around you, go to the women's sock section and buy cheap pantyhose knee highs. You'll have to trim these.If you like this solution, you can buy disposable socks on Amazon. I think black socks would look better too.Last weekend we were heading to Arlington and consulted Google Maps for traffic. I also wanted to make sure where we were considering some of the roads may not have been open last time we were over there. It directed us to exit 161, so we did. Then my husband noticed it put us back right back on after a light, bypassing a line of traffic. Scumbag Google...I bet the dad didn't realize the awesomeness of child swap passes. My 9 year old made out like a bandit riding rides twice. It will be a shame we probably won't qualify next trip.To attack this problem from another angle, can anyone recommend plants that can handle low light? Or really high quality fakes?I had a friend who had to go through this for quite some time. She'd drive 2 hours for the scheduled visitation and the biomom/kid would never show up. She'd get a drink from McDonald's and drive back. Later the biomom was nailed in court for noncompliance.Realistically your son doesn't know biodad, he's not there enough. Your son has a positive male presence in his life. His biodad is likely to be a toxic presence who would talk negatively about you and use your son as a prop.Frankly I would stop pushing and offering visits beyond anything court mandated. If he chooses not to visit, so be it. Document in a visit log and move on. Your son will be better off without the drama.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but