['Abortion: AGAINST ultrasound prior to abortion; AGAINST Abortion procedure bill; AGAINST increases abortion facility requirements and prohibits abortions after 20 weeks', 'Education: FOR corporal punishment in public schools; AGAINST management and operation of public schools; AGAINST Biennium budget; FOR capping automatic college admissions', 'Gun control: FOR authorized firearms in vehicles on college campuses; AGAINST concealed handguns on campus; FOR tax exemptions for Firearms Manufacturers ', 'Security: AGAINST restricting certain types of touching during government searches/patdown; FOR limiting the private use of unmanned aircrafts; FOR establishing school marshals', 'Transportation: FOR using taxes and fees to fund transportation projects; FOR Authorizing sobriety checkpoints', 'Veterans -- Our Nation\'s Heroes: As a member of the Senate Committee on Veteran Affairs & Military Installations, Senator Davis is a recognized champion on behalf of our nation\'s heroes living in Texas. Senator Davis helped create the "Veteran\'s Cash" $2 scratch-off lottery ticket that provides funding for veteran services in Texas, such as counseling services and job placement assistance. In 2011, Senator Davis advanced several bills into law supporting veterans living in Texas. A bill that she co-authored and was later approved by voters in November 2011 now extends property tax exemptions for 100 percent disabled veterans to a surviving spouse of the veteran. Senator Davis also championed a law that protects veterans funding, ensuring that money dedicated to veteran services is not "swept away" to help balance the state\'s budget. In her first legislative session in 2009 she co-authored a bill that created Veteran\'s Courts in Texas -- which are diversion programs for veterans suffering from combat-related head injuries or post traumatic stress disorders who are facing low-level criminal charges in our court system. The programs have given many veterans a second chance.', "Easing Family Budgets: Senator Davis continues to lead the charge against predatory lending in Texas, an industry that siphons money from our local economies and keeps many hard-working families trapped in a cycle of debt. She also fights hard to lower homeowners insurance and residential electricity rates to put more money back in Texans' family budgets, offering several pieces of legislation that shift the balance of power from these industries to consumers. She is fighting the industry's efforts to target our military servicemembers and their spouses who are financial vulnerable. Senator Davis works closely with the Christian Life Commission (Baptist General Convention of Texas), the Conference of Catholic Bishops, dozens of ministers in the Metroplex, AARP, NAACP, LULAC, and other groups advocating stronger consumer protection to put in place fair rules and oversight of these lending products. Under her leadership, this coalition is working to advance legislation that creates oversight of the payday and car title lending industry that currently exploits a loophole in Texas law. Senator Davis is also working tirelessly to lower homeowners insurance and residential electricity rates to put more money back in Texans' family budgets so they are not left with only high interest credit cards and predatory loans to balance their family budget.", 'Education: Senator Davis believes providing an excellent public education system is the state\'s most-important responsibility. While most lawmakers were mired in so-called "emergency" bills in 2011, Senator Davis made education funding her emergency. Education is the path to success for all Texas families, preparing our children for college, workforce training, and a competitive job market to support a strong Texas economy for generations. Senator Davis is committed to fighting for all schoolchildren, so that they will benefit from the opportunities that public education can provide. On behalf of thousands of parents, educators and business owners who contacted the Senate District 10 Office, Senator Davis took a stand against deep funding cuts forced by the powerful special interests and the failed legislative majority. She even filibustered a fiscal bill at the end of the regular 82nd Legislative Session that would cause harm to our public schools and hurt Texas\' ability to keep and attract jobs.', 'Job Creation -- Economic Stability: Job creation, job retention and stability for local economies are priorities for Senator Wendy Davis. Authoring legislation to spur job growth in local economies and keep jobs in Texas instead of shipping them out of state. Senator Davis is a recognized leader in the Texas Senate for her work on job creation and economic stability, authoring legislation to create and retain jobs.', 'Truth In Budgeting, Honesty With Taxpayers: Texas taxpayers deserve the truth about how their hard-earned tax dollars are being spent. For years, the majority in the legislature has claimed to "balance" the state budget, using "smoke and mirror" tactics to support that claim. Last session, Senator Davis fought the diversion of over $5 billion of funds that were collected from taxpayers for a specific purpose, and yet were diverted to the general fund to balance the budget, a diversion that betrayed Texas taxpayers\' expectations that money collected for a specific purpose should be used for that purpose.', "This list was compiled to the best of my sleepy abilities from this site.  If I missed something please let me know and I'll edit asap.  Also done in the most non-partisan way I can manage.  I sincerely hope this helps!   ", "The Tea Party started out libertarian and today it continues to talk libertarian while being retarded. That's unfortunate for actual libertarians, who I hope will take back the idea. We could use some actual conservatism in the country, somewhere.", "While I don't believe there is anything terribly wrong with smaller government, I think that there does need to be an entity with oversight.  I don't really trust a company that is sheerly out for profit to be looking out for my best interest as a consumer.  My best example are the telecoms/ISP's.  ", "I believe that if there is a genuine community effort to better itself, it will be successful.  That is most certainly a utopian idea. Similarly, capitalism should work in a perfect world.  Unfortunately, we don't live in a utopia and we must come up with this balance of oversight to capitol freedom.  I am not in favor of massive tax rates so the government will brush my teeth for me.  I am in favor of combining resources across our country to offer the best possible solutions.  ", "I hope that was at least somewhat coherent.  I'd love to hear your thoughts on libertarianism and what you favor in regards to smaller government.", 'And for the record our society and everything you use was built by for profit companies. Profits are not evil; the are essential to all businesses to determine efficiency and how well they are serving their customers. Without them you could not have anything you enjoy now.', "Seriously you know when you do that you are reducing the other person's argument to a ridiculous strawman that reflects worse on you then on the other person.  You remind me of a Republican accusing the Democrats of being commie nazis that hate mompie and freedom apples.", 'Profit isn\'t evil?  Well duh of course not.  It\'s a great motivator and as you\'ve pointed out a lot of innovation is due to profit motive (although again, saying that without profit motivation, "you could not have anything you enjoy now" is overly simplistic).  However, when societal benefit conflicts with profit, when profit is your sole motivation then it\'s going to win.  You can call that evil, but I call that simple logic.  And that conflict is why liberals believe that certain parts of society should either be non-profit, or profit but overseen by non-profit actors.  Do you think we should have a socialized fire protection as we do now?  Or do you think that when your house is on fire, it\'d be the best outcome if a company pulls up and negotiates with you while you\'re under duress?  Think that will never happen?  Also if you think about it from a pure profit stance, a private firefighting company would benefit from more fires, so they logically would do all they can to discourage fire safety, including paying off companies to produce appliances that tend to overheat.  Not doing so would be "evil" towards their stockholders by cheating them out of profit.  Again, if you don\'t think that will happen, guess who is the biggest lobbyists towards keeping our war on drugs so ridiculous so that a person smoking a joint in their own house can get a longer prison sentence than someone convicted of rape/murder? Hint, it\'s the private prison industry.', "So in short, luxuries should be a fully profit-driven marketplace, but necessities should either be non-profit, or for-profit overseen by non-profit actors.  And while people can honestly debate where things fall in the necessity/luxury category, I can't see how a non-sociopath can logically disagree with this basis.", 'If you dont like me, simply reply leave me alone fallacybot , youll never see me again', "Just so you know telecoms/ISP's enjoy government granted monoplies. Don't blame the market for problems created by the government.", 'Ehh. The monopoly is not entirely because of government intervention but more of a result of the cost of doing business being high.', "Namely, Time Warner (or whichever cable company serves your town) doesn't have a monopoly because your municipality has an ordinance on the books granting them one. ", 'It boils down to the physical wires. TWC is a monopoly because they built and/or bought the wires that connect the houses. Because it is not in their best interest and neither are they required to do so, TWC blocks competitors from re-using the last-mile wires to service households.', 'The only place local government comes into play is they, and to be honest somewhat reasonably so, put restrictions on who can lay down new cabling. So even if Comcast wanted to shoulder the largely prohibitive cost of dragging the last mile cabling, they would probably not get the permits to do so.', 'Honestly the monopoly is more natural than government enforced, but local governments are certainly helping the monopoly.', "Simply allowing anyone to drag more cable (by removing the regulations that prevent it) won't solve the problem as we already have an example of that happening: Verizon FiOs has to drag brand new cable since they provide fiber-to-the-home. The rollout is taking forever and is going to result in them owning a fiber monopoly in the towns they wire up (I'm not too angry about it, Verizon does deserve to recoup their investment and tearing up the streets/laws to drag cable for another company is unreasonable and redundant).", "IMHO the only way we'll ever see the monopolies break is if the government buys the cabling and treats them like roads, granting equal access to businesses that wish to service customers.", 'And for the record our society and everything you use was built by for profit companies. Profits are not evil; the are essential to all businesses to determine efficiency and how well they are serving their customers. Without them you could not have anything you enjoy now.', "For the record I don't think anyone is arguing against profits (at least not in this thread and not in American politics in general). The disconnect I've noticed between you, a small government libertarian, and me, a smart government progressive; is that I view the government as all of us doing something for ourselves (as opposed to an entity doing something to me) that we can utilize to our advantage. I don't want big government, I want smart government who steps away where they're not needed (I don't need government built electronics, Apple is doing quite well thank you and I don't begrudge them a single penny in profit) and steps in where they are (I know you disagree, but I believe healthcare is a mess that would be more cheaply provided if the basics were served centrally).", "If you're someone who believes in national socialized healthcare that's a serious big government issue.", 'Big government has strength. Utilities, oversight, defense, maintenance, infrastructure, those are all things that can be handled efficiently by a large powerful government.', 'Along with domestic spying, extrajudicial execution, the war on drugs, and the elimination of civil liberties.', "I am very much being affected by the war on drugs. This shouldn't be too hard to comprehend: I pay taxes that are spent on an ever-more-militarized police force and keeping more people per capita in jail than in any other country. Furthermore, my right to do what I wish with my body is severely curtailed if I risk being locked in a rape cage for buying bags of plant matter. Of course, there's also the fact that drugs must be bought from shady characters and are of dubious purity.", "The domestic spying also affects me. Knowing that I'm paying taxes so that the government can keep a dossier on me and all other citizens, with transcripts of our phone calls, e-mails, and who knows what else also creates a chilling effect on free speech. Then there's the extrajudicial executions: knowing that the President can now call out a hit on any citizen without any form of oversight scares the hell out of me. ", "I don't have a problem with the spying, because I have nothing to hide, and if it stops evil people from doing evil things I'm willing to sacrifice a little privacy. I'm not sure how free speech comes into the equation. ", "Ergo, if you have a good reason for not wanting the government supervising part of society that's up to you, but when you wantonly attack it for being big, bad, inefficient, unchristian etc with no logical/economical backing then I have a problem.", 'Ann Richards was Commissioner of Travis County from 1977-83, State Treasurer from 1983-91, and Governor 1991-95', 'Bill Clements was a Deputy Secretary of Defense under Nixon and Ford from 1973-77 and Governor from 1979-83 and 1987-1991.', "Mark White was Secretary of State of Texas from 1973-77, Attorney General from 1979-83, and Governor from 1983-87 between Clements's terms.", "However the issue still stands, what are Davis' qualifications, stances, beliefs etc.? ", 'The real fight is when the motion to suspend the rules takes place to get past the "blocker bill".  With a blocker bill at the top of the regular order of business, at least two-thirds of the senators present must vote to begin debating a measure before it can come to the floor.  Bills that do not enjoy substantial support cannot make it past the blocker bill.  So since the real fight takes place on suspension of the rules and once that is done a bills passage is almost guaranteed. ', "I wasn't sure what to think of her at first, but her stances on some of my key issues are alright. ", 'Looking over her - I would really caution my democrat fellow Texans to really go all out with this lady. I am not a democrat - I am not a republican - I am a libertarian - but the thought of Abbott frightens me. I just would like to see another strong candidate put forward to choose from and as of right now - I do not see that with Davis. That may change the more I learn about her though.', 'That said, regulation certainly can be overreaching and harmful to consumers. The recent post about hair braiding licenses is a clear demonstration of that.', 'What\'s necessary is an even handed, non biased look at what the goals of any proposed regulation are and how those goals can be met with the least amount of inconvenience to everyone who will have to deal with them. I\'m not a gun person, so I can\'t say whether or not more background checks would be effective or not. Neither can I speak to how much of an inconvenience they would be. But simply saying "any regulation will be inconvenient to me personally, so there shouldn\'t be any at all" ends up hurting more people in the long run.', 'Food quality checks end up costing everyone more up front as well. Speed limits slow everyone down.', 'Food quality checks are important for everyone that wants to eat, and eating is an act of surviving. Not everyone obeys the speed limits and arguably people should get pulled over more often for general driving errors everyday (merging improperly for example)', 'The argument that "x regulation costs everyone more time/money so don\'t do it" isn\'t valid.', "You truncated the part that mentioned me saying this hurts the average citizen's rights more often than not. Who's going to regulate background checks in the first place? How long should a background check take to begin with? Other states it already takes up to 30 days just to buy a gun and some have waiting periods between buying multiple guns. If I need to buy something right away, I expect to be able to. I'm sorry if you're not a strong supporter of the 2nd Amendment but if silly people like these scumbags can buy stolen guns from people then I too should have decent access.", "I don't have an answer to any of your questions. I've not done any research into these issues, and I'm not going to spout off uneducated drivel. But I do know enough to call out a fallacious argument. You seem to argue that any regulation is too much regulation because it inconveniences lots of people.", 'I am not stating that you (or the general population) should have no access to guns. I am saying that there is a middle ground between 0 guns in the country and the ability to buy an RPG at the closest 7/11. Surely you agree with that? If so, then the discussion should be about where that middle ground lies. It is not irrational to call for a debate on that subject.', 'Mentally ill people are also more of a risk to themselves than they are to others, and access to a gun significantly increases the likelihood of death by suicide. ', "The implication thereof is that you think felons and the mentally ill buying guns at gun shows is 'just fine' at worst and 'a good thing' at best. Which part of this do you have a problem with? Is it the stupid shit coming out of your own mouth?", 'In this case, the argument is felons and the mentally ill will obtain weapons "somehow". Banning one possible way, out of many possible ways, for them to be acquired doesn\'t address the real problem. ', 'The real issues are how do we help the mentally ill, or those that are becoming mentally ill. Likewise, how do we reduce recidivism and prevent people from becoming criminals. ', "If there was some reliable and wide spread way to address the issue of mental illness, a Senator and many innocent bystanders aren't shot in Arizona. Mothers all over aren't drowning or dismembering their children. Elementary schools in the East and high schools in the West aren't getting stormed. A whole group of people are still alive and undigested in Milwaukee. James Brady is walking. Charles Manson is a singer-songwriter no one has heard of, but John Lennon is playing the Superbowl with Paul McCartney. Mental illness is the problem that needs to be addressed, not just the armed mentally ill.", 'Criminality desperately needs to be addressed. So many theories, so very little practice. Strain, labeling, social learning, subculture of crime, differential association, deterrence, reform, and yet crime rate is seen as going up. Local law enforcement is accused, and in some cases rightfully so, of fixing the numbers via inappropriate resolution. Then there is the criminality in the white collar realms that have led to world crisis. Plus the ultimate betrayal of the public trust, governmental corruption and criminal activity. ', "27.7% of crime guns are sourced from FFL holders who find gaps in the oversight of their sales. What you seem to be trying to say is that removing that stream of firearms would have no effect on the number of illegal firearms available or the number of guns available for criminal activity. That is the dumbest shit I've heard all day, you dumb bitch.", "All of which STILL doesn't address the very real issues of helping the mentally ill and reducing criminality. Perhaps you have an opinion on that? ", 'Here is a link regarding her anti-choice filibuster with really good video of how WE helped stop the bill temporarily by running out the clock.', 'Here is a link regarding her [filibuster](www.texasobserver.org/wendy-davis-last-hurrah/) against billions of dollars in cuts to education. This one also talks about her uphill battle to retain her seat. That leads me to the next link:', 'Which is her ability to win elections in districts that are gerrymandered to be red', 'Then there is the fact that she came from crushing poverty, was raised by a single mother, was a single mother living in a trailer by 19, put herself through law school, and became the American dream.', "Edit: Also, quick note, if you want to find out anything about her while doing a google search go to the advance search and have it only bring up articles before the filibuster regarding abortion. It'll weed out all the repeat stuff you've probably seen and bring up more topics. ", 'http://www.politifact.com/texas/statements/2010/jul/25/wendy-davis/wendy-davis-says-texas-commission-environmental-qu/', 'http://www.dallasvoice.com/fabulous-ally-faces-anti-gay-challenger-10128728.html', 'I really wish her campaign had bothered to launch a more informative version of her website to coincide with her announcement. All her goodwill is from one issue... her announcement should have come with a full platform.', "I'm young and ready to be serious. Get your shit together Davis campaign, and for the love of god, don't run your volunteer coordination solely through Facebook.", "He doesn't believe in equal rights for same sex marriages. This tells me he probably doesn't understand the gender queer population, which is very ignorant to not have a basic understanding of.", 'http://www.burntorangereport.com/diary/14103/greg-abbott-opposes-san-antonio-lgbt-protections-beats-retreat-to-safer-but-not-higher-ground', "He doesn't want to follow clean air efforts by the EPA. This appears to cater to coal power plants that don't want to spend money updating their process and equipment to more sensible standards. Of course they won't invest in it themselves so they will externalize the cost and use this tactic to scare people.", 'He tried to push through redistricting to avoid voting opposition in areas with heavy black and latino population. He did not win thankfully.', "There are many more examples of him attempting to leverage his influence and position for special interest groups, such as corporations and campaign donors, instead of the general public. Another bought politician who is either ignorant or just doesn't care about the majority of citizens.", 'I contacted his office through his website a number of times, at first just asking his office to explain the decision. Later I moved on to explaining why I thought it violated several aspects of the U.S. Constitution. I never received even a form reply. I probably sent in three or four requests over as many months.', "I ultimately uncovered much of what you posted (thanks for collecting some of it here for others) and my hatred has grown deeper. I've spent some time in the last day figuring out if I would support Wendy Davis if she wasn't running against Abbott and have come to the conclusion that I probably would. I'm going to be following this closely and looking for a way to help.", 'A separate analysis suggests that during 2013, Davis drifted slightly toward the ideological middle of the Democratic delegation, perhaps due to calculations regarding her political future.', 'Abbott will have plenty of opportunities to shoot himself in the foot.  Never remove the possibility for political stupidity.', "Like I said before, the D's in Texas have not won a statewide seat since 1994.  That's beyond pathetic. ", "I think he could have gotten a large percentage of the vote if it wasn't for the tea party lunatics coming out in droves.", "Now, if you look at the voter maps- yes the state appears entirely red except in the big cities. But if you actually look at the numbers, there are plenty of mixed counties all over the state. One thing about Texas is that it's so big (254 counties) that you might have people in one area voting Red/Blue for one reason, while people in another vote the same way for an entirely different reason.", 'Since the minorities are set to "take over" within the decade, I can only see Texas politics getting more interesting. Already they are dubbing Davis a "California style" governor.', 'An amazing sample. Keep in mind that the law she was filibustering was actually popular. ', 'Abbott has spent the last 4 years setting up his campaign machine for governor.  And it is a well funded, managed and tested political machine.  Wendy Davis is a Johnny come lately who has only managed to raise a paltry $1 million.  She has to, at the very minimum, raise twice as much money as Abbott to have a realistic chance of overcoming the red state advantage Abbott currently enjoys.  That is the political reality Wendy Davis faces.', "I don't know enough about the candidate to see how they might shake up the election", "she's a fucking whack job. and i identify as libertarian and [usually] vote libertarian. no throwing away my vote this time. go wendy!", 'A better way to fix this "waste of a vote" mindset is to stop saying that anything other than a D or R is a waste of a vote. It isn\'t. A Green or Libertarian has LITERALLY just as much of a chance at winning as a Democrat or Republican. A Constitution candidate or an independent candidate doesn\'t get a percentage of their actual votes counted. What matters are individuals just voting. I can guarantee you that your neighbor doesn\'t know Joe Republican any better than they know Joe Independent on a personal or even political stance level, but they do know that letter R. If they had the time and mindset to educate themselves on the candidates running (or at least the candidates on the ballot), instead of just the Democrat and Republican running, they would likely see they prefer someone else.', "TL;DR: If we want to elect more than the Democrats and Republicans, we don't need to change how we count votes, just how we cast our ballots.", "She'll have to run a terrific campaign of course, or Abbot has to meltdowns that encourage demographics in the state with traditionally low turnouts to go out and vote. ", "Furthermore, to have a chance at winning the governorship, a candidate needs to have good statewide recognition.  And Texas Democrats just don't have have many ways to raise the profile of any of their party members because they've been shut out of the State government for so long.  The filibuster may not make her a qualified candidate for governor, but it means she has the potential to actually win, which is more than most other Texas Democrats can claim right now, even if they did have better qualifications.", "One thing her fillibuster accomplished, and it was true filibuster, was to get people talking about what the legislature was doing, and why. Surely that's a good thing whether you're for or against what they did.", 'Another thing she did was to galvanize liberal and progressive opposition in Texas. I go to a liberal meetup group that usually meets twice a week. We had a good number of people before the filibuster, but we grew quite a lot in subsequent meetings. People are enthusiastic now because of Wendy Davis.', 'This is why they got her to run for governor whether she really has a chance to win. Texas gubernatorial elections come every mid-term. They are poorly attended compared to elections in presidential years, usually half as many people vote in mid-terms. But liberals are excited about Davis. She might be have the pull to get the Democratic vote to rival a presidential election. In my district, the 32nd, Pete Sessions got close to 80,000 in 2010, but his opponent got close to 100,000 in 2012. So if Davis could increase Democratic turnout by 60% or more, Pete Sessions might be out of a job. And that kind of thing could happen all down the line, in weaker Republican races.', 'So that\'s what Wendy Davis\' "publicity stunt" did. Gregg Abbot has $22 million in his campaign fund, compared to Davis\' $1 million. What do you call that?', "It's just a bad idea in general to vote based on ONE parameter like pro-life.  You could wind up with an impassible fence through your yard one day (ask my grandpa who has lost access to half of his property thanks to the border fence)... what made it worse was he voted for the d-bags that caused that fence to be there in the first place.  ", 'I know this is the internet, and the first instinct is to jump to insults and broad sweeping gestures, but I just hope not as many people do that in real life as I see online :P that would suck. ', "Edit: You know what, it's not so much her stance on abortion it's the fact that she wants to give taxpayer money to organizations that perform them. That's what really pisses me off. I really don't care if someone has an abortion or not but I don't want my money paying for it.", "That being said, I completely agree that our tax money for these sorts of things needs to be reevaluates.  I can't believe that equal tax money in Texas is split between clinics that provide a ton of non-abortion based services also goes to crisis centers that provide zero medical advice or services, and simply give out pregnancy tests to scared young people, then supplies them misinformation.  Some of the information they give is useful, but I disapprove of how they represent birth control and sexual education.  I think they should be held to the same standard and spend the majority of their funds on ACTUAL education and proven effective pregnancy prevention, like open access to birth control, and cancer screening.  I would say with those additions, then those shared tax dollars would be worth my money.", 'These clinics are non-profit, so it\'s not like they are running off with money bags into the night.  They are actually almost all working with a skeleton crew and no "fluff".', "I go to a clinic for my yearly exam cause I can't afford Heath care.  Take the time to check one out and you'll see what I mean, it's pretty clear they run on a tight tight budget. ", 'buh buh buh buh but rick, how can i hope to be as much of a blowhard white trash bible beating asshole as you???', 'Leftoids bitching about the term abortion barbie is certainly going to upset me. ', "Then again, from your history that seems like a futile effort. I can definitely see why you wouldn't like Wendy Davis.", 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']