Affirmative action in schools is literally offering lower prices to people because of their race. It is demeaning in the same way a bake sale with race-based pricing is demeaning.If our goal is to close the achievement gap (as it should be) then we should be spending money on radically different approaches at the elementary school level and the schools chosen should be based on performance, not race. By the time kids gets to college, it's much too late to fix any problems that have occurred.Income could work, but if you don't consider income at all, you'll have a higher number of affluent minorities attending your university. Ostensibly this seems unfair, but if the idea is to elevate a particular race in the interest of cultural advancement, affluent people are your best bet for cultural impact.Anyway, I don't really care either way. I agree that championing certain affirmative action at a young age would work better than what is currently in place, but the criteria for inclusion is still foggy at best. When the socioeconomical impact of subconscious racism can't be quantified, it's difficult to build a counteraction (AA) with exactly equal social weight.Whether you agree with the approach or not, the purpose of affirmative action is to help swing the pendulum in the other direction by giving minorities an unfair advantage in that area.  A white man is 4x as likely to be hired for a job than an equally qualified black man.  Let that sink in for a minute while you consider what is fair and unfair.I'm not saying that affirmative action is the right way to bring balance to society, but it's important to understand the reasoning behind it before you cry out against it.  If you've got a better solution, then I'm sure everyone would be happy to hear it.  Just remember that nothing performance based is going to work because the interview and application processes put black people at a disadvantage by default.  Our methods of measuring school performance rely on some amount of cultural understanding that may not be present in this communityWe need to get our heads out of our asses when it comes to school accountability.  We also need to stop thinking of education in a one-size-fits-all kind of way, which is what we've done with our school system.  Different communities need different kinds of schools with different kinds of teachers, each tailored to the needs of the students there.Alternately, we need to end community schooling and bring back hard integration policy.  We've pretty much brought back segregated schools by some illegal housing practices the test score system.Basing things on performance doesn't help because of rampant institutionalized racism. Black people are at a huge disadvantage in the workplace, regardless of their performance, education and work history, simply by being black. In my opinion, if we want to help disadvantaged people get to college, it should be based on income. That in my opinion, is more fair than making the distinction as race based. More the solution is we need to do a real analysis on who fails and why, and fix those problems, not pick some random set of attributes and just blanket apply a solution. I don't know how UT's affirmative action program stacks up in that regard, and IIRC  most of the research was about Ivy League institutions.But I do find it ridiculous that a club of privileged students have a bee in their bonnet about maybe not being admitted to a school which they are already attending. Still, this program is much less hurtful than the "Catch an Illegal Immigrant" game of tag/capture the flag wherein someone was "hunted". But I do find it ridiculous that a club of privileged students have a bee in their bonnet about maybe not being admitted to a school which they are already attending.Yeah, they should totally be cool with the fact that they could have been denied entry into their university of choice because of institutional racial discrimination...It's hard being white. It's hard struggling at the bottom of the economic ladder with every conceivable opportunity passing you by in favor of the colored folk. One day our oppression will end, and for once, whites will be the privileged minority. I have a dream...I get where you're coming from, but one thing people often leave out when talking about privilege is the biggest privilege of them all: Money. Hell that's what "being privileged" used to mean.I'm not disputing the concept of white privilege, or arguing against affirmative action, but race is generally not as big a factor in privilege as wealth is. Everything else being equal, a rich black kid is going to be better off than a poor white kid.Now obviously there's a disproportionate amount of black people in poverty and that's a related issue, but this trope of "Oh you're white / a man, you must have things so easy" is widespread, obnoxious and irrational.Section 1 has 3 small dried out biscuits and a sign that says "$5/dozen (cash only, proof of drug test required).Section 2 has cupcakes, fresh muffins, lattes, and a sign that says "please display your parents' platinum visa card, and proof that your grandfather also purchased these""please display your parents' platinum visa card, and proof that your grandfather also purchased these"Assuming all white people come from rich families. What a horrible, racism furthering attitude. The fact that I was replying directly to your comment on the signS on the "WPBS" should have allowed you to determine that those were the signS I was referring to. The OP photo shows (one) sign.Then on the 361st day white people and some guys of color that owned land could get a discount.  But to pay for this early discount all the guys have to have their gangrenous limbs hacked off with a dull saw while their contemporaries literally freeze to death and of course to keep the discount they all have to sign up to willingly sacrifice their lives in great brownie oven wars.On the 362 day guys that didnt own land would then also get the discount but at most tables the poor and illiterate and most guys of color still wouldnt get their discount, and only after having another armed conflict and most of them being considered treasonous anyway.  On the 363th day white women would get their discount but only after a marching and holding signs.  (literally the same day that men who didnt own land got their discount everyone would start working on the signs for women so they could get their discount)  And of course theres no need for them to sign up to willingly sacrifice their lives.Then on the 364th day people of color would finally get their discount after quite a bit of violence and marching and even then most of the cashiers would be rude to them.  You can bet your ass they've been signed up.Then finally on the morning of the 365th day everyone would have their discount except many would still have rude cashiers, but then in the afternoon most cashiers wouldnt be rude but the prices would be discounted like they have them.  But of course at this point some 20% of people would already own something like 87% of the brownies and all the brownie factories so it doesnt really matter what price you sale the remaining brownies for.  And then right before evening some brownies are going to have stuck their brownie up their own brown-eye and shut down the whole brownie government and the price of brownies will be even more irrelevant.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but