Ok happy 2 years guys and by the way Bob I am kinda pissed you hired a high school teacher to do QC when you didn't even ask your fan boy with a Ph.D. I'll get over it when you guys put out some of that BBABW again.There was a call for a new mod in this sub and I considered applying for it for about .0324 seconds. Then I realized I would be the only person that does anything around here. After they did appoint a new mod I reported a link and it was removed. I damn near shit myself when I got a message saying it was removed. I tried it again and got the usual radio silence and said fuck it.I attempt to make this sub better by submitting the appropriate content and letting the people decide. I seem to be doing ok on that front."Ahh, you think bad weather is your ally? You merely adopted the bad weather. I was born in it. Molded by it. I didn't see the light until I was a man. But it was nothing to me but blinding."I bought all of my suits from Jos. Banks off the rack and had them fitted to me. I bought them all on sale. I used to be in Pharma sales which is a pretty shallow "job" to begin with. My point being unless you are interviewing for a high power lawyer job (Denny Crane!) or a power business position you are probably ok with a mediocre suit that fits well. Especially in the ATX. I wore one of my suits to my initial interview at the job I currently have and the first thing I was told was "I appreciate the fact you dressed up for the interview but when you come back for the second interview dress like you are coming to work." That being said it is better to over dress for the interview than underdress and each experience is unique. Good luck!I like black suits. People think that the only reason you should have a black suit is for a funeral. (I have mostly black suits and for the record I am probably the least fashion sensible person you will ever meet). That being said I have a respectable number of grey suits. I could never bring myself to wear a brown suit. It just doesn't suit me. I don't know what the fashion suave people say about brown suits but they were not uncommon in my former profession. ** if you need a tie I can lend you one of my lucky Jerry Garcia Ties let me know, I have at least ten of them. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but