['A man in the town of West, Texas, was in his home when the roof collasped from a huge explosion at a fertilizer plant.', 'WEST, Texas -- Officials confirmed Thursday that 11 first responders were among the dead in a massive explosion at a fertilizer plant that injured at least 160 and devastated a section of this small town.', 'State public safety officials have declined to specify how many people were killed in the explosion.', '"It\'s still hard to tell. It\'s going to be a much lower number than previously guessed," he said. "We tried to find out where everyone is, but it\'s hard with the chaos."', 'Survivors of the fertilizer plant explosion painted a graphic portrait of the sudden violence Wednesday night, as a stockpile of fertilizing chemicals erupted in a fiery blast the size of a small earthquake.', 'The explosion occurred just after 8 p.m. Wednesday and flattened about one-fifth or more of the small town of 2,800 residents. As agents with the federal Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives combed the scene for clues into the cause of the blast, search-and-rescue crews used sniffer dogs in a painstaking hunt for survivors.', 'Rescue efforts were complicated by the need to shore up structures that could collapse on rescuers or the injured. The presence of ammonium nitrate at the devastated West Fertilizer Co. facility -- which may have ignited the blast -- posed a risk to investigators.', 'The explosion rocked the earth and then plunged much of the town into darkness, residents said. Many rushed to the blast site, which is near a middle school, a nursing home and an apartment complex.', 'West residents were quick to pitch in. Muska, the mayor, said many lined up to donate blood and helped evacuate elderly residents at the West Rest Haven senior living center.', 'Authorities say they have yet to determine the cause of the blast. Chemists say the explosion could have been caused by either of two chemicals that are commonly used for fertilizer -- ammonia gas or the more well-known explosive, ammonium nitrate.', 'Neal Langerman, principal chemist with Advanced Chemical Safety, a San Diego industrial consulting firm, said the initial fire could easily have caused anhydrous ammonia gas to explode catastrophically.', "Comments are filtered for language and registration is required. The Times makes no guarantee of comments' factual accuracy. Readers may report inappropriate comments by clicking the Report Abuse link next to a comment. Here are the full legal terms you agree to by using this comment form.", 'As an editor and reporter, Michael Muskal has covered local, national, economic and foreign issues at three newspapers, including the Los Angeles Times.  @latimesmuskal', 'Matt Pearce, a University of Missouri graduate, has previously written for the Kansas City Star, the Los Angeles Review of Books, The New Inquiry and The Pitch. @mattdpearce']