No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldrLet me first clarify by saying that I in no way desire people putting themselves in harm's way to get this information/footage, or people neglecting other more pressing issues to get the big story. That said, I often think about how things like this will impact the way we view history (especially in the classroom--I am a teacher after all). Imagine the difference between how students learn about the American Civil War (mostly letters and ledgers), versus WW2 (some video and photos, some remaining artifacts), versus today (constant civilian-documented and submitted information, more than we could ever hope to sift through in some cases). I think it makes for a facinating shift in the way we are able to view historical events; we have first hand accounts available to view hundreds of years in the future (assuming proper precautions are taken to back up media and we have media viewers compatible with today's video). That is amazing to me. We have a much more accurate sense of civilian and infantryman POV than we do currently for events happening 80+ years ago. (At least I think this is true-- please feel free to correct me, I am not a social studies instructor). Some people are wired to want to do this type of thing. I know I am crazy but I have an incredibly strong internal urge to run towards disaster so that I can film and document it. This is why I work in news/documentary work. It is a crazy dangerous curiosity.Also maybe they uploaded this video form their phone (it looks like it was shot on a phone from the images in the mirror).Well, that and money.  That video has made him as much as $14,000 in half a day if he is a youtube partner.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but