No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldrFrom: http://www.lsa.ethz.ch/education/vorl/mtrarc_slides/08_Source_Term_Impact.pdfAccording to the judicial enquiry, the explosion was caused by a human handling error. A worker from asubcontracting company is said to have mistaken a 500-kilo sack of a chlorine compound (dichloroisocyanuric acid)for nitrate granules and poured it onto the stock of ammonium nitrate in the storage building a quarter of an hourbefore the explosion. The mixture is said to have produced nitrogen trichloride, an unstable gas that explodes atBut according to owner of AZF, has suggested another hypothesis through its own commission of enquiry, claimingthatthe explosion was caused by an electric arc between two transformerslocated outside the plant.A newspaper in Toulouse, alleges that the ammonium nitrate that caused the explosion at the AZF factory wasstacked "in a real dump" with minimal surveillance and security, and "incredible negligence". The newspaper alsoreported that the storage area was excluded from the area to be inspected by a regional industry and environmentwe use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but