You don't sound like a douche, this is exactly the type of feedback I was looking for.The Venn diagram mentions USDA for only two people, Lidia Watrud and Roger Beachy.He is a lifelong academic plant biologist, and a quite well respected on at that."Having a fate is to be owned, and Alphonse Gebhart wondered to whom his belonged."Despite the recent complaints (by those who don't even submit videos), I find myself coming back here again and again for interesting content. Looking at the front page and evaluating videos based on the criteria set out by OP it appears that the majority of videos would pass.I swear this is the worst counterargument to any complaint that shows up in every postAssuming the problem exists, how does finding and posting relevant videos solve an issue of having off-topic posts?It gets them off the front page. It gives users more options to vote on. It educates new users about the standard of video expected. It creates an environment where users are encouraged to find new and exciting videos.Your history shows you have never submitted a video to /r/ArtisanVideos. Why do you get to judge others that actually contribute?If you have a problem with the content, then the best way to change that is to post better content yourself.C. To many redundant descriptions. "The brittle rotted wood". "the ominous house loomed".E. "I feel as though I've been here previously, yet the enigmatic presence of the house fills me with sudden consternation, sending my body into shock." Nobody has ever had such an intense reaction to seeing a house. We get it, move on already. At the very least convey this through action rather than someone looking at a house."Blood pours from my nose. Its warmth covering my face as the metallic flavor graces my tongue." J. "Tearing the sleeve of my shirt to sop up the mess". No one does this. They would just pinch their nose. This is happening in seconds after all. . .L. "My adrenal glands burn". Your adrenal glands are on your kidney's. Nobody has ever held their side and been like "damn my adrenal glads are burning like shit." Just doesn't happen. M. "With a snap of my wrist I fling the plasma at the wall." Plasma is not blood. If you want a new word to describe blood, keep it simple."I snap the cuff my shirt, it flings ruby droplets against the wall in a spatter that reminds me of a murder scene."N. "Upon these nails hang dusty picture frames: the wood, splintered, the glass, cracked, and the photographs, discolored; torn canvases of various shapes and sizes, each marred in frustration; and broken dreams, childhood dreams." Interesting visuals but it was disjointed and had not clear goal in mind. It felt like a psychotic episode rather than a story. Things are happening and you don't know why. Like a dream, it felt unsettling but not scary. It needs undertones and clarity to really hit deep. Ever wonder why pure bred dogs get sick and mutts live for decades without problems?Cellulosic ethanol is the far superior choice. Much greater energy yield, cheaper to produce, less energy to grow the crop, its not a food source, etc etc. The list goes on and on. Buuuuut, ADM killed it because they can make money off corn/corn subsidies.Cellulosic just can't compare in terms of price point. There are to many steps involved compared to starch ethanol.It is almost there, and I mean really almost there. Like full scale plants are coming online right now. Corn served its purpose. It allowed ethanol plants to be built and let biotech companies grow that focused on selling starch enzymes while they did the R&D for cellulosic methods. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but