    WEST -- On the grass outside the shredded apartment complex sat several large chunks of concrete, basketball-sized pieces of shrapnel that were sent flying by the force of Wednesday's fertilizer plant explosion.Officials said the concrete and other pieces of projectile had once been part of the West Fertilizer Co., which exploded about 20 minutes after a fire broke out early that evening.On Sunday, a handful of reporters and photographers were allowed to see some of the areas that were hit the hardest by the explosion, which killed 14 people - mostly first responders - and injured dozens more.When the explosion occurred, investigators said the blast radiated outward, slamming into a nearby railroad track berm. The explosion's force was deflected upward by the berm before rushing back down to pummel the apartment complex, a nursing home and West Intermediate School and eventually moving into neighborhoods."The easiest way to describe it is think of a wave going out and it may come up and down with it," said Kelly Kistner, said assistant State Fire Marshal.The destruction from the blast spread over a 37-square-block area of West that was described as a "war zone" by Brian Hoback, the National Response Team leader with the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms.Four torn and twisted metal structures could be seen at the fertilizer plant, but the railroad track berm kept reporters from seeing any activity at the site.Kristner said investigators have located the center of the explosion, "which is important, because as we conduct our investigation we'll be working from an outer perimeter inward, from the least damaged to the greatest damage. So knowing the seat of that explosion is important."Kristner said they still don't know where the fire that sent firefighters rushing to the scene started.Crater being checkedRobert Champion, the ATF's special agent in charge from Dallas, said it would probably be several days before more details could be released about the origin or possible causes for the explosion.He said investigators are taking a hard look at the crater that was created by the explosion."That's what we're going to be doing today and in the next couple of days is getting in the hole and start digging that out and see what transpired to cause this devastation in this area," Champion said.ATF has about 50 personnel on-site and the State Fire Marshal has 17 personnel. But there are a number of other state and federal agencies at the explosion site, including EPA and the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality.Kistner said investigators were optimistic they would be able to catalogue all of the chemicals that were at the fertilizer company when the explosion occurred but as of Sunday, they do not have that specific information."Our priority today is the line of duty death investigation for the firefighters and first responders who lost their lives in this incident," Kistner said. "The line of duty death investigation will be everything from initial response, the command structure on-site down to the tactics that were used."A quiet SundayOn Sunday, there were few signs of activity around the nursing home or apartment complex. A few Texas Department of Public Safety patrol cars drove slowly through the streets but it was otherwise quiet. Hundreds of the town's 2,800 residents had attended church services earlier in the day.Further away from the blast site, numerous homes had garage doors and windows blown out."Several blocks we had projectiles or shrapnel that has been found of different sizes," Kistner said. "Smaller pieces have been found blocks away."Many residences in the blocks closest to the blast appeared to have some structural issues with their foundation and roofs, but investigators said that would be up to inspectors to determine if those buildings were habitable.The apartment complex was in complete shambles. Its roof was gone. Windows were blown out and support beams had been added to keep it from collapsing.Piles of debris, much of which had been removed from its units, were stacked around the apartment complex. Most of the debris consisted of wood and scraps of clothing but a floral piece of a mattress could be seen in one pile.A small slot machine appeared untouched in one damaged unit, resting on what appeared to be a closet shelf. A basketball court closer to the blast site was almost unrecognizable as one goal was barely standing and the other was bent at an odd angle.Across the street, the nursing home also was heavily damaged, though the roof was still in place in some areas.Ceiling tiles had collapsed in almost all of the rooms. There were jagged cracks running through the nursing home's brick exterior and a painting was listing sideways on one crumpled wall.West residents who live closer to the blast site will be able to check out their homes as soon as gas-line tests are completed, Mayor Pro Tem Steve Vanek said.The town's water supply remains disrupted, Vanek said.Bill Hanna, (817) 390-7698Twitter: @fwhannaManning a road block at Harrison and Walnut, Texas Parks and Wildlife Game Warden Kyle Allison waits with a resident hoping to get into "Zone 2" to see their home. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)At West City Hall, Denton firefighter Steve Athney, a member of the Texas Line Of Duty Death Task Force, read astatement from the family of Jerry Chapman, one of the emergency responders killed in the blast. Chapman's parents, Dave and Rhonda Chapman, stand at right. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)West mayor pro tem Steve Vanek speaks to the media gathered for the late afternoon press briefing. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)An aerial ladder truck is draped in black with a wreath on the front at the West Fire Department. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)A small memorial remembers the fallen first responders on the sidewalk of the West Fire Department. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Manning a road block at Harrison and Walnut, Texas Parks and Wildlife Game Warden Cody Hatfield waits with a resident hoping to get into "Zone 2" to see their home. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)At West City Hall, Wendy Norris, Executive Director of the Texas Line Of Duty Death Task Force, read statements from several of the families of emergency responders killed in the blast. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Manning a road block at Harrison and Walnut, Texas Parks and Wildlife Game Warden Kyle Allison waits with a resident hoping to get into "Zone 2" to see their home. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Manning a road block at Harrison and Walnut, Texas Parks and Wildlife Game Wardens Kyle Allison (left) and Cody Hatfield (right) wait with a resident hoping to get into "Zone 2" to see their home. Recovery and repair operations continue in West, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)A view of the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)ATF Special Agent In Charge Robert R. Champion and Assistant State Fire Marshal Kelly Kistner (right) talking to the press pool at the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, two churches, First United Church of Christ and West Brethren Church worshipping at First United, Sunday, April 21, 2013. Brethren was heavily damaged in the blast and is unusable. Greeter Michael Walther waits on the front steps for arriving worshippers. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)A destroyed car sits amid the rubble of the heavily damaged apartments near the blast site. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the railroad tracks near the blast site, repair and investigations still underway during a press pool tour Sunday. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the railroad tracks near the blast site, repair and investigations still underway during a press pool tour Sunday. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the railroad tracks near the blast site, repair and investigations still underway during a press pool tour Sunday. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)A view of the railroad tracks near the blast site, repair and investigations still underway during a press pool tour Sunday. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)The shattered doors of a nursing home heavily damaged in the blast. Press pool photos from Sunday morning (4/21) of the most seriously-damaged areas in West, Texas. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Dallas Morning News Pool Photos/Michael Ainsworth)Worshippers bow their heads in prayer at the start of the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist pastor John Crowder during the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist pastor John Crowder during the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)A cross is draped in cloth, the West water tower visible in the background, before the service (although the drape was not there later). An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist associate pastor Phil Immicke wraps a cross before the service (although the drape was not there later). An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)The Borger family, Jonathan, Debbie and Ted (left to right) wore "God Bless West" t-shirts to the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)The worshippers during the service, a cross set up on a makeshift stage. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist pastor John Crowder during the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist pastor John Crowder during the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)The Borger family, Jonathan, Ted and Sam (left to right) wore "God Bless West" t-shirts to the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Looking for seats, the Borger family, Ted, Jonathan, Debbie and Sam, wore "God Bless West" t-shirts to the service. They live just south of West. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist pastor John Crowder (far left) and associate pastor Phil Immicke (lower left), during the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist pastor John Crowder (far left) and associate pastor Phil Immicke (lower left), during the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Lisa Crowder, wife of pastor John Crowder, gets a hug from one of the worshippers before the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Worshippers begin to gather before the service, Michael Nelson hugs Sharon Middlebrook, Lisa Crowder, wife of pastor John Crowder, at far right. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Worshippers begin to gather before the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, two churches, First United Church of Christ and West Brethren Church worshipping at First United Church of Christ, Sunday, April 21, 2013. Brethren was heavily damaged in the blast and is unusable. Greeter Michael Walther waits on the front steps for arriving worshippers. (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)First Baptist pastor John Crowder (far left) and associate pastor Phil Immicke (lower left), during the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Worshippers bow their heads in prayer at the start of the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)Worshippers Jeremy Johnson and Debbie Little greet each other upon their arrival for the service. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)West area worshippers arrive for the service Sunday. An explosion at a fertilizer plant rocked the town of West, Texas Wednesday (4/17) night. The community paused for a morning of worship, many with First Baptist Church of West in a field south of downtown normally used for the town's West Fest, Sunday, April 21, 2013.  (Star-Telegram/Paul Moseley)We welcome your comments on this story, but please be civil. Do not use profanity, hate speech, threats, personal abuse, images, internet links or any device to draw undue attention. Comments deemed inappropriate will be removed and repeated abusers will be banned. NOTE: If you log in using your Twitter account, your comments will be signed using the name on your Twitter profile, NOT your Twitter user name. Read our full comment policy.    Copyright 2013 Fort Worth Star-Telegram. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Youngest Joeckel in athletic Arlington family preparing to make NFL Draft history