['JavaScript disabled. Please enable JavaScript to use My News, My Clippings, My Comments and user settings.', 'If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page.', 'If you have trouble accessing our login form below, you can go to our login page.', "Texas State Fire Marshal's Office give a tour of the area near where a fertilizer plant exploded last week, killing fourteen people.", "Blocks from this town's own ground zero, barely more than 24 hours after an explosion at a fertiliser plant tore through people's houses and hearts, dozens of firefighters and emergency responders stood at attention.", 'Their hands raised to their brows in salute, they faced one another in two lines in the car park  of a school, forming two walls of blue as the body of a fellow firefighter was escorted between them in the night. A bagpiper blew Amazing Grace as the remains, draped in an American flag, were placed in a vehicle. It was a ritual they performed over and over - once for every person discovered in the wreckage who had been affiliated with a fire department.', 'The scale of the disaster could be measured by the length of the ceremony; the firefighters and responders stood in the cold for about two hours, forming an honour guard 12 times for 12 bodies.', 'Memorial: Young Texans at a service to remember those killed when a fertiliser plant in the town of West exploded. Photo: AP', "''We're family,'' said Joe Ondrasek, 46, a fire official from Brazos County who stood in salute that night and had travelled here to represent the State Firemen's and Fire Marshals' Association of Texas. ''It's like losing your family. It's like six members of your family got killed in a car wreck.''", "Three days after the West Chemical and Fertiliser Company plant erupted in an explosion that destroyed part of this small town north of Waco, the search of dozens of buildings around the plant was complete on Saturday, but the magnitude of the blast's human toll had barely started to settle in. Officials said at least 14 people were killed in the explosion, which occurred shortly before 8pm on Wednesday after a fire broke out at the plant.", 'A majority of the dead were firefighters from five fire departments and one ambulance service that had rushed to the scene to battle the blaze and started to evacuate people when the plant exploded. Eleven firefighters in all were killed.', 'After the explosion in West, it was not the Texas City disaster of 1947 that many people here talked about as they tried to comprehend the scale of the loss, but another, more recent one. What September 11, 2001, means to firefighters in New York City is a measure of what April 17, 2013, albeit on a smaller scale, means to firefighters in central Texas.', 'Late on Friday afternoon, members of the West Volunteer Fire Department attended a service at a red-brick  Catholic church. They sat together near the front pews wearing matching red shirts.', "As they prepared to depart, they climbed into the cab of Engine 1 with great care. On a window of the door of Engine 1 was a bumper sticker: ''9.11.01 Heroes.'' The department lost six active and reserve members; they had a total of 28, officials said.", "Texas State Fire Marshal's Office give a tour of the area near where a fertilizer plant exploded last week, killing fourteen people.", 'Boston Police Commissioner Edward Davis says that bombing suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev remains in critical condition.']