Smoke billows into the sky immediately after the explosion at West Fertilizer Co. in West, Texas, on Wednesday, April 17, as captured by CNN iReporter Brian Kitchen. The deadly explosion damaged buildings for blocks in every direction. The number of fatalities remains unclear.The West Fertilizer Co. lies in ruins in West, Texas, on Thursday, April 18, the day after the accident.A deer head mount sits inside a car parked next to a apartment complex damaged in the explosion.Search and rescue workers comb through what remains of a 50-unit apartment building, in foreground, and a nursing home on April 18.The remains of a car sit in front of an apartment complex destroyed after the fertilizer plant blast. A Valley Mills Fire Department firefighter walks the remains of an apartment complex next to the fertilizer plant on April 18.Fire personnel check out the railroad tracks near the fertilizer plant on April 18.Valley Mills Fire Department personnel view the railroad tracks near the fertilizer plant on April 18.A Texas State Trooper stops people from entering a neighborhood near the plant on April 18.Search and rescue workers comb through what remains of a 50-unit apartment building on April 18.Debris litters the fields around a fertilizer plant on April 18, the day after the explosion. The blast damaged 50 to 60 homes in a five-block area, officials said.This satellite image shows West, Texas, as captured on January 30, 2012. The fertilizer plant is on the right center of the photo, just northeast of the oval track of the town's middle school.The deadly explosion leveled dozens of homes and damaged other buildings on April 18, including a school and nursing home, authorities said. With smoke rising in the distance, a law enforcement officer runs a checkpoint at the perimeter about half a mile from the plant on April 18.Waco Police spokesman William Swanton speaks to reporters about the explosion on April 18.Glass from blown-out windows lies shattered on the sidewalk and street after the blast on April 18.Earth-moving equipment rolls through the downtown area in the middle of the night on April 18.He kept fighting the blaze even after the blast killed his dog and destroyed his house(CNN) -- The blast was so catastrophic, it destroyed Marty Marak's home, killed his dog and leveled houses for blocks around.But he had no time for panic or grief. Marak darted right toward the danger, even as the threat of a second explosion loomed.Like the rest of the firefighters in the town of West, Texas, population 2,800, Marak is a volunteer firefighter.He doesn't get paid to battle flames or save lives; he actually runs a heating and air conditioning company.Firefighters were already battling an enormous blaze at West Fertilizer Co. when an earth-shaking explosion blasted windows and walls off homes. Rolling fireballs leaped into the sky, and residents 50 miles away felt the force of the blast.West Mayor Tommy Muska, also a volunteer firefighter, said "it was a like a nuclear bomb went off.""It demolished both the houses there, mine and my mom's, and it killed my dog," Marak's wife, Cheryl, told CNN's Piers Morgan.But Marty Marak took off, trying to extinguish the blaze before it could trigger a second explosion at a nearby fertilizer tank at any moment.A flood of other volunteers also scrambled to the scene, including firefighters and emergency medical personnel from hundreds of miles away, the Texas Department of Public Safety said.With her house annihilated, Cheryl Marak took cover in her brother's home, about two miles away from town. For hours, she wondered if her husband was still OK."For all those people who are still there ... responders that remain ... you just worry about everybody," she said, her voice cracking.The dread was amplified when the director of the city's emergency management system said two EMS personnel and possibly three firefighters were killed.Finally, shortly before midnight, Cheryl Marak was able to speak with her husband and hear he was OK."I'm begging him to come home, to let me come and get him ... but he said he can't. He's going to stay with his guys," Cheryl said.Rep. Bill Flores, whose district represents the town of West, said the courage of Marak in the face of loss isn't uncommon."That's just the way that we Texans are wired," he said. "Even though we face our own personal tragedies from time to time, we still know that we have to go help others -- and then assess our own tragedies later on."Learn what you can do to help the people injured and affected by the explosion in Texas.As the sun rose, the small town's devastation came into fuller view: a gruesome, bloody scene, homes flattened to rubble, and scores of firefighters battling a raging blaze.The blast was so catastrophic, it destroyed Marty Marak's home, killed his dog and leveled houses for blocks around.Firefighters at the scene of a massive fertilizer plant explosion in Texas were concerned Wednesday night about anhydrous ammonia.Click through photos documenting the explosion and its aftermath in West, Texas.Dr. George Smith describes what he went through when a fertilizer plant exploded in West, Texas. KCEN reportsRed Cross volunteers aid victims of a fertilizer plant explosion in West, Texas. Watch video of the moment a burning West, Texas, fertilizer plant erupts in a massive explosion.Mayor Tommy Muska of West, Texas, describes what the explosion at the fertilizer plant felt like.CNN's Martin Savidge covers the latest details from a fertilizer plant explosion that rocked the town of West, Texas.