See a post that violates the rules below? Had your post stuck in the spam filter? Have a question about policy? Just want to give feedback? Send the mod team a message.Please post news items only, with the exception of meta posts about /r/news itself. Self-posts aggregating news data and "independent reporting" each count as news, but are not an excuse to editorialize.If your post doesn't fit, consider finding an appropriate news article on that story to submit instead, or submitting yours to lower moderation subreddits:/r/FoodForThought - discussion-worthy long form articles about interesting subjectsor check out the 200 most active subreddits, categorized by content and the full list of subreddits by activity.Source:http://online.wsj.com/article/SB10001424127887324493704578429943017835664.html3 or 4 firefighters are still believed to be missing at this time. Number of injured is holding steady at approx 160, with search and rescue efforts ongoing.Tommy Muska (West, TX Mayor and Firefighter) has stated that it is unlikely that additional rescues will be made at this point. Since I haven't mentioned this elsewhere in the post, there is no evidence that the explosion resulted from any type of foul play. The cause of the fire is still unknown, all the details that we are aware of pertaining to the explosion can be found below. The ATF and CSB are both on-site conducting an investigation at this time.McLennan County has been declared a disaster area by Texas Gov. Perry, and federal resources have been requested to assist in the cleanup and recovery effort.To clarify, the blast is believed to have destroyed roughly 75 buildings within approx. 1000ft of the fertilizer plant, including an apartment complex and school, as well as residences. A nursing home was also significantly damage, but it is my understanding that the residents were already being moved or evacuated due to the fire at the fertilizer plant prior to the explosion.Storms and rain in the area have helped to improve air quality, but may be hindering the rescue effort and putting any remaining survivors at risk of weather exposure related injuries as temperatures drop into the 50s.Time is reporting that the plant was fined $10,000 last year for safety violations relating to the storage and transport of anhydrous ammonia, $5,250 of which was paid after corrective actions were taken by the plant. It also appears that the plant may have misrepresented to officials whether or not they had flammable materials on the property, which would have required them to install additional fire handling systems.More information here: http://nation.time.com/2013/04/17/official-several-injured-in-texas-plant-explosion/http://www.cbsnews.com/8301-201_162-57580185/frantic-search-for-survivors-after-deadly-texas-fertilizer-plant-blast/OUTDATED (9:44am CDT): 5 to 15 Killed (Down from 60 to 70 initially), 160 or more injured, including at least 2 critically. Most injuries occurred at an apartment complex located across the street from the fertilizer plant. Two EMS personnel are confirmed dead, and 3 to 4 firefighters remain missing at this time. One firefighter / law enforcement officer was found at the scene and has been hospitalized with severe injuries.All fires are considered contained as per reports overnight, but fires continue to smolder at the plant as well as some nearby homes which were destroyed. A small amount of looting is reported in the evacuation area.The blast was caused after a fire that was initially reported at 7:30pm CDT ignited stores of as much as 54,000 gallons of anhydrous ammonia, which may have been vaporized by direct contact with water during the initial fire fighting effort (Source:http://www.dallasnews.com/news/state/headlines/20130417-west-fertilizer-plant-said-in-report-that-it-presented-no-risk.ece?action=reregister). Searches are ongoing in the area, with numerous sources reporting that the death toll may rise as the day goes on. Thunderstorms have passed through the area this morning which have reportedly served to reduce the risk of airborne exposure to ammonia vapors.The US Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives will be sending a team to aid in the investigation, along with the US Chemical Safety Board task force mentioned below.OUTDATED: Report: 60-70 killed, 100-200 injured, including 5 firefighters and 1 police officer killed (Updated)Overview (As of 4:08 CDT) At approximately 8:00pm CDT, an explosion occurred at West Fertilizer Co. after a large fire ignited a tank of anhydrous ammonia. This resulted in a large explosion that is believed to have damaged or destroyed 50-75 buildings including a school, nursing home, and apartment complex. There were reportedly 6 or 7 firefighters on the scene when the explosion occurred, currently 3 or 4 remain missing (4:08 CDT). Most sources are reporting 5 to 15 killed and roughly 160 people injured. As recently as the last hour, figures as high as 30 to 40 deaths have been reported, down from 60 to 70 reported initially. Ongoing concerns include emergency access to the plant and poor weather in the area as searchers continue to look for victims who may be trapped or incapacitated. Earlier concerns of gas and chemical vapors seem to have been resolved at this point.Relevant Information on the Fertilizer Plant: West Fertilizer Co, owned and operated by Donald Adair, employs roughly 10 people in West, TX, none of whom are believed to have been at the facility at the time of the fire or subsequent explosion. The plant was last inspected in 2006 as a result of a complaint of a smell of ammonia, which resulted in an EPA fine of $2,300 for failing to implement a Risk Management Plan. This type of facility is inspected only in the event that a complaint is received.Time is reporting that the plant was fined $10,000 last year for safety violations relating to the storage and transport of anhydrous ammonia, $5,250 of which was paid after corrective actions were taken by the plant. It also appears that the plant may have misrepresented to officials whether or not they had flammable materials on the property, which would have required them to install additional fire handling systems. More information here: http://nation.time.com/2013/04/17/official-several-injured-in-texas-plant-explosion/ "Records also show that the last time the federal Occupational Health and Safety Administration visited the business was in 1985, when an inspector fined it $30 fine for a serious violation in storing anhydrous ammonia."CBS Dallas / Fort Worth is compiling a list of resources here, so I won't attempt to maintain my own beyond what I have already.Red Cross expected to coordinate ongoing response: http://www.redcross.org/tx/dallas-fort-worthPSA: Via @CenTexRedCross: Carter Blood Care Center in Waco will be open & accepting blood donations starting at 9 am tomorrow.Warning: Includes audio of a frightened and possibly injured young child after explosion:https://maps.google.com/maps/ms?msid=209846025921424119826.0004da9950ad853cd5748&msa=0&ll=31.815657,-97.100344&spn=0.039603,0.084543 Originally here:http://www.reddit.com/r/texas/comments/1ckzw5/updating_map_for_west_texas_explosion/http://www.reddit.com/r/news/comments/1ckq0o/fertilizer_plant_explosion_in_waco_texas_some/c9hiqpyUpdate (10:38): To check on friends and family in the area, the following number has been established: 254-202-1100Update (10:55): "AT least 200 people are believed to have been injured in the blast, 40 critically, ABC news reports. Between 75-100 houses and businesses have reportedly been destroyed."Source: http://www.couriermail.com.au/news/world/explosion-at-fertiliser-plant-near-waco-texas/story-fnd12peo-1226623333230Update (11:01): Five firefighters and one police officer believed to be among the 70 people dead. (Source above)Update (11:20): Authorities request that drivers avoid I-35 / U.S. 77 to allow emergency crews to continue working.Update (11:27): Scanner: National Guard not requested at this time, put on stand-by.Update (11:29): Fire is said to be contained, but not out. According to local doctor, fire may be preventing access to injured at the scene.Update (11:34): Evacuation order covers local area due to toxic gases and potential for additional explosions. Access to West, TX is currently restricted to emergency personnel where possible.Update (11:41): FAA enforcing no-fly zone around West Source:http://tfr.faa.gov/save_pages/detail_3_2873.htmlUpdate (11:45): Nursing home employees said to have moved residents to the opposite side of the facility prior to explosion, possibly preventing loss of life.Update (11:57): Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center reporting 60 patients accepted for treatment including 41 in serious condition. Other hospitals have also accepted patients.Update (11:58): 6 or 7 firefighters were believed to be on the site prior to the explosion, all remain missing at this time.Firefighters are currently unable to battle fire at fertilizer plant due to fumes and explosion danger, area continues to smolder but fire is containedUpdate (12:09): US Chemical Safety Board deploying team to site to deal with air quality concerns and conduct investigation. Will arrive tomorrow. http://www.csb.gov/Hill County (north of West as best I understand) has reported some concern of ammonia fumesUpdate (12:26): No additional help is needed at the scene, public is asked not to attempt to help at this time and to stay away from the West, TX area.Update (12:27): Providence Hospital in Waco, TX reporting that they are currently treating 35 patients related to the explosion.Update (12:29): Possible severe weather anticipated in the area between early and mid morning on Thursday, poses a potential hindrance to rescue effort as well as the possibility of a wind shift forcing additional evacuations. PSA: Carter Blood Care (DFW Area) requesting donors. Asking that donors call ahead or make appt online: https://ww2.greatpartners.org/donor/auth/signinUpdate (12:53): Firefighters currently conducting a secondary search of all buildings in the blast area that can currently be accessed.Update (1:05): Missed this earlier, Gov. Perry will be mobilizing state resources to assist in rescue and cleanup http://governor.state.tx.us/news/press-release/18385/News is fairly slow right now, not expecting any major updates until the morning news cycle begins.Update (1:11): Hillcrest Baptist Hospital in Waco now reporting over 100 patients, up from 60 earlier.Update (1:11): Hospital medical staffs now being thinned as patient rush diminishes.Update (1:21): CBS DFW reporting that the fire trucks that initially responded to the scene have not returned and may have been destroyed in the blast. The firefighters who responded remain missing at this time.Update (1:43): Providence Health Center has treated 65 patients up from 35, including 12 who have been admitted for continued care.All known injured have been evacuated from the area following the explosion. Firefighters continue to battle smoldering debris at the plant, as well as conduct house to house searches for people who may have been trapped. Reports suggest a minimum of 135 injured who are currently hospitalized, with Hillcrest Baptist Hospital treating the majority of the patients, including 40+ who are reported in serious condition. Earlier reports suggested 60 to 70 killed per EMS personnel, this number hasn't been used in some time and hasn't been officially confirmed. The most recent report I've heard suggested two dozen and climbing. A news briefing will be held at 6am (CDT) tomorrow. Reminders: Blood donations are requested, as per above. The public is asked to remain out of the area, and to avoid roadways near West, TX if possible to help facilitate the emergency response and to avoid any dangerous fumes which might linger in the area.PSA (10:11am CDT): Due to the current state of the rescue effort, I won't continue to post live updates to this thread today. I expect news to continue to break occasionally in this story over the next several days, and I will try to keep the information above updated and accurate as we hear more.You can find more information, as well as possibly live updates later in the day here:http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/1cldwd/live_update_thread_2_west_texas_fertilizer_plant/http://dfw.cbslocal.com/video/8787347-press-conference-from-820am-in-west-texas/PSA (3:55PM CDT): I've shifted to doing short summaries at the top of the post every few hours, so check there for additional information. I've also added some general information near the top of the post.edit: turns out the USGS scale was 20 miles away in downtown Waco, putting this in the range of a 1.5KT explosionsecond edit: nuclear equivalent to the air blast at 20PSI overpressure: http://www.nuclearsecrecy.com/nukemap/?lat=31.81640571075722&lng=-97.08783900552675&zm=15&kt=1.5If that area in texas was densely populated, this tragedy could have been more deadly than 9/11.Appears they are trying to contain the fires and move the injured away after triaging them. I am running on pure adrenaline and will let you know as they let me know. I just want to send an amazing thank you out there to all the EMT and Fire on the scene, they are almost all volunteers and have had amazing response.Seismometer in Amarillo measured 2.1 from the fertilizer plant explosion in West, TX 400 mi awayEPA paperwork stated that there were 54,000 lbs of anhydrous ammonia on hand and no risk of explosionThe FAA has put a no-fly zone into effect 3 miles around West and below 3,000 feetWest has a population of 2,847, there are hundreds that were injured in the blast.An information hotline was set up for concerned friends and relatives at 254-202-1100Providence Hospital in Waco has received 45 patients 1 in critical condition 17 in triage waiting to be seen8 blocks have been evacuated due to toxic fumes, the entire town has been asked to leaveFrisco FD has sent an ambulance bus which can transport and treat 20 patients at onceEdit: As a former Vol. firefighter myself I truly hope the reports I've heard are not true but I cannot see how they are not.Sometimes safety programs can be a little over the top and treated as an afterthought or punchline, but they're there for a reason.  If you see a dangerous practice or habit, report it.  If it's not being addressed, do your coworkers and community a favor and blow the whistle.  It may end your job with that company, but it certainly won't end your career.  It's our job to protect everyone from the dangers of chemicals that they know very little about.  When we fail to do our job together, people die.  And I stress together because as anyone who has worked in a plant will know, when these incidents happen it's because of a systemic failure in management, engineering, safety programs, and operations.  I was thinking about that earlier about the Boston incident. I wonder what makes this particular week so violent, or if it's coincidence."It was MASSIVE. Imagine someone got a dumpster, lifted it like 15 feet high, and dropped it outside your window." He lives like 30 minutes away from the plant.fire pictures: 1,2  - these are pictures of other surrounding buildings not the plant21:58 Multiple buildings still on fire, there are still persons entrapped in the nursing home and apartment complex22:25 not much updates going on the repeater feed, everythings going through the fireground lowband frequencies now22:42 will no longer be updating, to keep up with the updates follow here : http://www.kwtx.com/home/headlines/Explosion-Injuries-Reported-At-West-Fertilizer-Plant-203505331.htmledit: Creepy week old review for West Fertilizer Co on google. https://plus.google.com/104431866768356196991/aboutEdit: They are advising everyone to evacuate back 6 blocks further. It appears there is a threat of another explosion.burning building near site of explosion, possible the school across the road? via @DFWscannerSource: http://www.breakingnews.com/item/ahZzfmJyZWFraW5nbmV3cy13d3ctaHJkcg0LEgRTZWVkGKC6vQ4M/2013/04/18/breaking-emergency-number-for-information-on-westexplosion-254-202-1Seismometer from Amarillo captured the impact of the fertilizer plant explosion in West, TX 400 mi awayEPA paperwork stated that there were 54,000 lbs of anhydrous ammonia on hand and no risk of explosionThe FAA has put a no-fly zone into effect 3 miles around West and below 3,000 feetWest has a population of 2,847, there are hundreds that were injured in the blast.An information hotline was set up for concerned friends and relatives at 254-202-11008 blocks have been evacuated due to toxic fumes, the entire town has been asked to leaveFrisco FD has sent an ambulance bus which can transport and treat 20 patients at onceWe always joke that the reason why operators get paid so much is that whenever alarms go off and stuff goes haywire everyone else is running out of the plant while the operators are running in. But in reality its tough to watch something like that happen knowing it could happen to me or any of my coworkers and friends. I hope those who survived make a fast recovery and the families affected as well. http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/1ckxw7/live_update_thread_west_texas_fertilizer_plant/edit at midnight: From everyone we've been able to reach at the church, no one has heard of injuries. That'd be a miracle. Many are evacuated and many still not heard from, but it's great to hear from some and that they're fine. No word on the church building yet either. It's an all wooden structure... But I remember the smell. I remember not going to school. I remember the panic, especially when a few of my friends lived right where the train derailed. It was national news. And that was as an ant compared to this elephant. http://www.history.com/this-day-in-history/fertilizer-explosion-kills-581-in-texasThey have plenty of responders and help right now and request no more help be sentTremendous amount of injuries (over 100), confirmed fatalities but aren't disclosing numbers as they are expected to rise quicklyMassive damage to homes, 50-75 houses damaged, 50 units in apartment complex have been destroyed Plant is still smoldering, possibility of re-ignition due to active ingredients, firefighters staying back and not fighting the fireRemember as well, this was a small volunteer fire department and from what locals have mentioned, that plant was the life blood of the community. They were out there trying to save their people's livelyhood. It's easy to look back and judge them for being too aggressive...hell I thought the same thing (about using defensive tactics with a monitor.....or just watch it burn from far away) when I saw the video of the fire and I'm just incipient fire brigade qualified.....but this is a small farming community and there is a whole different dynamic at play.Update: they are evacuating the triage center because they are worried about a second explosion. Tomorrow is a big party holiday for school here at Baylor (in Waco). I'm trying to get my friends together and go donate blood. Baylor is apparently trying to get information on the best ways to help and will relay that information to students.Carter BloodCare is going to be in need of blood according to a spokesperson on CBS Dallas. They want to you schedule an appointment with them instead of just showing up on mass tomorrow morning because they are going to need it more than just tomorrow. Also, it will give them time to get an idea of what types and quantities they need specifically.EDIT: Fuck downvotes.  This is family, and I need my connections to information to work.  Don't flood the site is all I'm asking.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but