In the grand scheme of things, n-BuLi and NaH are not that bad.  And you gotta learn sometime.And yes... go ahead and make your computational jokes.  I've had my hands dirty.  I might as well switch my flair considering the fact that I think I only do DFT calculations these days for the amusement of my PI.in neither of them do they say anything like "we think it would be better the government be shut down than our interests not be victorious"Strange... that's precisely the strategy they take in the operation of charities.Catholic "charities" would kick orphans to the curb before they treated a committed gay couples with a shred of dignity.3.)  LiNO3 is an example of a monogamous bond.  Nitrates and alkali metals are known to mate for life.Elements - obv we can leave out identity, but I'm having trouble visualizing even symmetry/plane of symmetryMirror planes are usually the easiest element to visualize, but the projection you're given can mess with you.  If you're having trouble, sometimes it helps to look at the molecule in a different projection.  Newman projections make it easy to visualize C2 axes in dihedral groups and vertical mirror planes, for example.  If it's still hard, dust off the model kit.MOST IMPORTANTLY - point groups. My biggest question here is, should I be able to determine point group of a molecule simply by looking at it? Any inorganic chemistry textbook should have a flowchart for assigning point groups.  However, flowcharts can overcomplicate things.  How comfortable are you and your GF in picking out polar or chiral molecules?  If you can intuitively do that, you already have a bit of foundation.Dnh is also easy to spot in most cases.  Common examples are planar with nondirectional substituents (benzene, BF3, ethylene, and simple square planar complexes), or a polyhedra with unique sets of axial and equatorial substituents.  Nothing here is polar or chiral.Dnd should leap out at you for two reasons - first, it's your go-to point group for anything that looks "eclipsed".  Dnd has a sense of seeming like you could do more symmetry operations if you flattened it along the principal axis or twisted one end of it.  Look at ethane, ferrocene, allene, and cyclohexane.  Again, nothing here is polar or chiral.Cnv usually looks like the molecule is "pointing" in a certain direction, but it has vertical mirror planes.  These molecules are very often polar, but they are not chiral.The Cn, Dn, and Cnh groups all look vaguely propeller-like.  They're also less intuitive.  Dn has a perpendicular C2 axis (which can be hard to see depending on the projection).  Cnh has a horizontal mirror plane and inversion center.  Cn and Dn can be chiral.  Cn can be polar.Cs molecules have only one symmetry element to worry about, so you can assign them through the process of elimination.  Intuitively they should give you the sense of being planar (whether or not they really are), and tend to have more different kinds of atoms than are common would expect for a molecule that size.  They will very often be polar.C1 molecules have no nontrivial symmetry elements, and are almost always chiral/polar.Then, there are the weird point groups.  By that I mean point groups I, O, T, Th, Ci, and S2n.  These are not intuitive, but fortunately they're pretty rare.  Outside of archetypal Ci and S4n molecules - an eclipsed trisubstituted ethane, and a 1, 3, 5, 7- tetrahalo cyclooctatetraene - you'll probably not see them.Would she memorize molecules of a given point group or deduce the molecule's point group from how it looks.Intuition is always the better way to go in the long run.  Doing well on the next assignment is better in the short run.  I would only suggest memorizing things that are "defining" of a certain point groups.See-saw with a central atom and four identical substituents (e.g. SF4) will be C2v.  Just imagine a trigonal bipyramidal structure with identical substituents, then replace an equatorial group with something else.But yes, there are plenty of reasons to pass on sexy time with a hot alien if you somehow find yourself trapped in a shitty sci-fi movie.  It's just that there are plenty of ways for aliens to be very similar to us, yet very deadly without oozing acid like a xenomorph.  Sci-fi writers have no sense of subtlety.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but