['Hypothetical: Thunder get 3rd seed. Play the Warriors/Rockets/Grizz/Clips/Spurs in the 1st round. Warriors/Rockets/Grizz/Clips/Spurs in the 2nd round. Warriors/Rockets/Grizz/Clips/Spurs in the Conference Finals.', "There isn't a team there that OKC wouldn't have an easy series with. Getting out of the West is going to be hard enough and every single one of those matchups could yield a 7 game series. ", 'Last night when LeBron was on the floor, all the Hawks smothered him and prevented him from driving, shooting, and everything else.', 'First off, it\'s preseason. If you think he was trying his hardest you\'re wrong. Second, he said pregame that his legs "we\'re 80% and felt a little heavy" which caused his shot during the Red/White Scrimmage to be short. Guess what it caused during the Hawks game? Third, teams can try to intentionally shut him down but even with a great defense he\'ll likely end up with a 15/8/8 stat line which most players would gladly take.', "Being the best player on 13 championship teams is an individual accomplishment. It's why players like Kobe and Lebron only care about rings.", "Second, in Bill's last year the league had just expanded to the 13th and 14th teams. 8 teams made the playoffs. In Bill's first year the league had a total of 8 teams. 6 of which made the playoffs and only 3 of those teams finished above .500. The talent during his era was incredibly limited.", "Lastly, look at the accomplishments posted above and compare them, then understand that LeBron is only 28. He'll be an all star at least 8 more times just because of his name (kind of how Kobe will be an all star starter this year even though he is hurt). He has a legitimate shot to be All NBA 1st team for 8 or more years same thing with All Defensive Team. Over the next 4-6 years he has a legitimate shot at the MVP.", "If you give him the minimum that he could accomplish he'd end up with around 7 MVPS, 16 All star Games, 15 All NBA 1st teams, 13 All Defensive Teams by the time he is in his late 30's.", 'Could Jordan guard the 4? Maybe some of the smaller ones. Could he guard Centers for stretches let alone at all? No.', "What emergencies am I preparing for?: WROL. If I'm prepped for WROL (the worst case scenario), theoretically, I'm prepped for everything else.", 'What if part of their plan was to blame Obama for the shutdown they planned? Everything is going according to their plan then.', "If Dwight is meh, they could probably get to the 2nd round but in a tough West I don't see them going farther than that with an average Dwight.", 'EDIT: Damn people it was a serious question. No need to downvote and not leave a comment.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']