['You are basically stating that you really wanted to play a game, but your PC is dogshit and cannot run it.', 'Dude. Who hurt you? These statements are irrelevant and frankly make you look insecure. Especially over the internet. Please stop positing them.', 'I am really not worried at all at the judgements of whether or not I am "insecure" from random people on reddit. You can concern yourself with it if you like.', 'This reflects a basic lack of understanding of how game engines work. It is pretty naive to assume that a game of any caliber or magnitude can completely rebuild its entire content following the inception of a new game engine without suffering a massive loss in profits, and possible (likely) shutdown.', "You are basically saying that sure, it's broken, but it's going to be too hard on existing players to fix it. While most devs are smart enough to not launch with an engine so broken it can't be fixed in the first place, robbing us of any true comparables (Shadowbane maybe), I would wager to say that between the options of having a broken engine driving everyone away, and fixing the engine and maybe bringing some people back, the second option would be the way to go if you had any plans for your game at all.", "So let's get this straight; you refuse to play a game which supersedes its predecessor in every single way", 'I can run P1999 without "reverting drivers" or going through that truly astounding list of "tweaks" the OP posted and never have to worry about spotty graphical performance again.', "Corrupt staff, terrible community... I could take a cheap shot and say at least it HAS a staff... but no, you're right, that's a problem, though not one that would affect me anytime soon. Nothing is ever perfect. As for the community the forums are a cesspool but in game I haven't actually noticed any real difference.", 'As weird as it may be, I see more potential for the future in P1999 than I do Vanguard.', "I really don't get the formatting you are using at all - are these your quotes? If not, from what source? ", 'They are not. I went through the Vanguard reviews on the game sites and took their takes. I would not be quoting myself.', "The same anecdotal evidence Latina tried to use before her total failure. Sure, it ran for some people. It did not run very well for a lot of others. Do you seriously not remember WHY Vanguard's launch was ripped on?", 'All seriousness though, if you actually want to play this, give a driver rollback a shot. ', 'I never doubted it would. Despite what some people with serious reading comprehension problems never really figured out in this thread, I at no time claimed that it was impossible to tweak until the game runs "better". However, I shouldn\'t have to for a seven year old game, and if they haven\'t bothered to fix that, I\'m not going to bother either. The graphics may be bad, but I can still get a fantasy mmo fix from P1999.', "Being in a world instead of a lobby. Areas of the world actually being hinterlands or outright wilderness because of their distances from 'civilization'. Differences in markets, class availabilities for groups, even player mindsets set by segregated by distance areas. The rewards for exploring outside of the safe civilization and going where not everyone knew to go. Examples: being aware of the location of camps, named mobs, or even outright zones that not everyone else does because they aren't exploring. Having huge numbers of mobs to choose from by going off the beaten path. How many people exped in Splitpaw? Not many. While ten people were fighting over a single blue gnoll in BB an explorer group could have nonstop pulls for as long as they desired in Paw. While three groups ran around trying to tag mobs at the entrance to Velks a single partial group would find siren's grotto completely at their mercy. Sebilis has 120 people in it with at least 30 lfg, while howling stones has one, maybe two groups. All of these things lost with instant travel.", 'There are reasons that players actually reminisce about what you and holmedog think are "annoyances". Not everyone can put into words why the "world" feel "works" for them when the theme park "game" system you apparently prefer doesn\'t. I suppose there are just two different types of players: those who are in freeport when their friends are in qeynos and think "man I wish I could instantly be with them so we can instantly be running a dungeon" and those who think "damn they\'re all the way on the other side of the world from me!".', "The travel itself was not generally the point. Hell for some of the zones I put on autorun and read a book or played with the dog until I ran into a tree (or a monster). The fact it wasn't non-stop in your face entertainment doesn't detract from the entertainment gained from the whole package that relied, in part, on these elements. The whole is more than the sum of its parts.", 'It was the idea that you could get rid of those "annoyances" without affecting the whole that has brought us to this point of regurgitating boring WoW clones as it is. Devs need to relearn "one step back two steps forward".', "Okay, seriously, everyone crying about performance needs to understand the reason why this is happening. The engine doesn't suck, it's made for high end computers around the time the game was released. Was this a smart decision? No. But the reason the population suffered was because unlike WoW and other MMOs at the time, you were expected to have a phenomenal computer. ", 'Revisionism at its worst. Many of us HAD good computers then and it STILL ran like crap.', "As a result, there are some problems, most notably broken quests and plenty of other bugs. There are also performance issues. On my computer, a Core 2 Duo E6400 with 2GB of DDR2 RAM and an ATI Radeon X1800, it still gets clunky and jerky, while Half-Life 2 is smooth as glass. Considering the quality of the visuals, it shouldn't be as big a problem as it is. ", "Vanguard's stunning looks would earn it much higher marks from me if not for those steep system requirements. Performance, although improved, is still sub-par.", "I could go on and on, but why bother. Let's just get one thing clear here: the population did not suffer because you were expected to have a phenomenal computer. The population suffered (in part) because it ran like a fucking dog even if you DID have a phenomenal computer.", 'It is not anecdotal because I am not utilizing it in the context of an argument.', "Lol. I expected pathetic, and still managed to overestimate you. It's the very definition of the term.", 'Misuse of anecdotal evidence is an informal fallacy and is sometimes referred to as the "person who" fallacy ("I know a person who..."; "I know of a case where..." etc. Compare with hasty generalization). Anecdotal evidence is not necessarily representative of a "typical" experience; in fact, human cognitive biases such as confirmation bias mean that exceptional or confirmatory anecdotes are much more likely to be remembered. Accurate determination of whether an anecdote is "typical" requires statistical evidence.', "Don't worry. I won't tell anyone of just how badly you failed here if you don't.", "Anyway, done with plebs. If you can't figure out computers in order to enjoy a great game, bak2WoW4U.", "Predictable and pedantic, typical of an unimaginative and slow person. Haven't played WoW in years.", "Better luck next time, kid. :D Perhaps you'll be able to keep track of who replies to who at that point. Really work on your reddit skills.", "Man. You REALLY suck at this. Don't you feel embarrassed now? All that attacking me over how I can't use reddit, and you fall flat on your face? Humiliating.", "I can't WAIT to see you squirming to find a way out of this. This should be good.", "The funny thing is you are so eager to be Vanguard's white knight you don't seem to understand I didn't ask anyone for anything, let alone advice. I know how to configure a game. I probably know how to do it better than you. The point is, was, and remains, that Vanguard was never fixed.", "I am quite certain that I could improve its performance by fucking around with its config files and settings. After all i've owned computers since before dimwits like latina there were even born. Long enough to know that if I need to be doing that just to get models to load faster than several seconds on a game that is how many years old now, then there is going to be a general lack of attention to technical details in more places than that. And that is without even mentioning that those technical problems are the prime reason the game's population doesnt even register.", 'I expect mmorpgs to have technical issues at launch. I do not find it acceptable to STILL SEE THEM years later. You milage may vary, but given the experience I had with it, vanguard is the very definition of a game that just plain deserves to fail.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']