Or maybe, just maybe, the US was fighting a war against religious insurgents and not committing genocide.  Where in the world did you get the idea that Jewcunt is bashing Jews. Remember you're on the website where POTATO_IN_MY_ANUS and prostitute_strangler are respected members of the community.You do have a disposition against something, but that something seems to be mature responses. Nobody would have a problem if you just debated people, but you're mocking tone and name calling have to stop. We aren't fighting an internet crusade against trolls and psuedo-intellectuals here, this is the internet and it is full of normal people. Get over yourself.I'm just wondering why you only post when people criticize EvW in particular. I get that you're excited for the game but dude, chill. People saying things about it isn't going to make you enjoy it any less. This has been a pattern with the EvW devs: all their DD's start out with some fantastical concept and stays there without really getting into the meat of them gameplay. If I wanted an Ian Fleming novel, I'd read an Ian Fleming novel. I come to paradox for in depth, realistic, and true to life historical simulations that I can muck about with. I don't care how dramatic their espionage mechanics are, I want to see how they work.So yes the idea of having unique spies excites me, I'm not necessarily getting the warm fuzzies off of this alone. Edit: Also, the espionage system is not ground breaking. Total war has hag agent-based spying for a long long time. Even HOI 3's spy system was based on individual agents. I like the concept for how it works in EvW, but honestly, I'm not the least bit shocked they incorporated a complex spy system into a Cold War game.The Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993, signed into law during President Bill Clinton's first term, guaranteed maternity leave to many new mothers across the nation. It mandated a maximum of 12 weeks unpaid leave to mothers for the purpose of attending to a newborn or newly adopted child.[7] However, the act did not attain universal coverage as it included several limiting stipulations. In order to receive maternity leave, employees must work in a firm of 50 or more employees, maintain employment with the same business for 12 months and have accumulated at least 1,250 working hours over those 12 months.There are currently 25 states that expand upon federal legislation in some manner. Fourteen of these states, along with the District of Columbia, have addressed eligibility requirements by lowering the firm-size threshold from 50 or more employees down to as low as 10 employees.[8] Seven other states, in addition to the District of Columbia, have adopted more generous maternity leave lengths that allow longer absences for the purpose of child rearing. Moreover, some states have enacted legislation enhancing the benefits of leave programs. California, New Jersey and Washington, for instance, operate programs that require private-sector employers to pay their employees who utilize maternity leave at partial replacement rates.[9] Similarly, three other states and the District of Columbia designate childbirth as a temporary disability thus guaranteeing mothers paid maternity leave through Disability Insurance (TDI) provisions.[8]The general expert(that is, evolutionary biologists, veterinarians and cattle farmers) consensus on the subject of whether domestic cattle could survive without humans is strongly in favor of the cattle's survival.Just an observation here, but your entire argument has consisted of telling someone they don't know what they are talking about while repeating the opposite of their argument without any sort of factual support. If you're going to claim that experts hold a certain consensus, please link to maybe one or two of those experts since people generally don't follow evolutionary biology debates.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but