["Schools are funded by property taxes, right? If you are poor and a minority living in a major city, chances are pretty good your school has fewer resources than the white, suburban high school outside of the city. To get a grasp of what I am talking about, try listening to This American Life's two part special on Harper High School. ", 'This is a myth that need to be dispelled. In Ohio, for example, urban schools typically have revenue/spending per pupil amounts that are 30 to 60 percent higher than many nearby suburban districts. In my region, the large urban district, per pupil, gets 60% more local revenue, 25% more state revenue, and 435% (four hundred thirty five percent) more federal revenue, for a total of 66% more revenue per pupil than the nearby large suburban district. The urban district gets an F from the state, while the suburban district gets an A.', 'getting ANY amount of money for the rest of your natural life after only working a job for five years', "While increasingly rare, defined benefit pension programs are not unheard-of in the private sector, and you only get the benefit after retirement age so 'the  rest of your natural life' is generally not terribly long.", 'You can get a similar result by rolling your accumulated nest-egg into an annuity. ', 'Supposedly something happened outside that resulting in him actually being arrested. I would guess he continued to act aggressive with the cops.', "Small, 46, asked him if he was an officer and the security guard, an off-duty Baltimore County police officer, showed him a badge. The officer grabbed Small's arm and pulled him toward the aisle. The audience gasped and some people sitting nearby got out of their seats.", 'As he was being taken out, Small said, "Don\'t stand for this. You are sitting here like cattle." Then he said, "Is this America?"', 'The officer pushed Small and then escorted him into the hall, handcuffed him and had him sit on the curb in front of the school. He was taken to the Towson precinct and detained. Small was charged with second-degree assault of a police officer, which carries a fine of $2,500 and up to 10 years in prison, and disturbing a school operation, which carries a fine of $2,500 and up to six months. ', "The police report said that Dance's chief of staff, Michele Prumo, who was standing on the side of the auditorium, had asked the officer to walk over and calm Small down. The report also said Small had attempted to push the officer away when he first confronted him.", 'The dude probably deserved to be escorted from the premises. But the cop needs to be fired for filing a false report.', 'The amount of the retirement benefit is based on the years of service. After five years, the benefit would only be a very small fraction of the salary.', "While you don't sound particularly venomous, you do sound ignorant of the facts. Members of Congress participate in the same retirement system as other Federal civilian employees, none of who are vested after 2 years, and none of whom are eligible for retirement benefits before age 56. ", 'The Heartland Institute is hardly a credible source.Check them out at Sourcewatch.com', 'The article mentions median household income is flat, which is different from wages.', 'Because the typical American family makes less only when adjusted for inflation,', 'But only about 1% less, and only when using the median as the measure, rather than mean, etc.', 'In real dollars, adjusted for inflation the median income is down for all types of households overall. ', "So, wages have increased, but the characteristics of the 'typical' American family has changed. ", 'edit: the numbers above are derived from the inflation-adjusted (2012 dollars) household income data from the census bureau.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']