Edit:  All it says is, "On December 31, 1977, the bonds were paid off and the freeway was handed over to the state Department of Transportation, toll collection ceased, and the tollbooths were removed during the following week."This project would require billions, probably tens of billions, of capital expenditures. Someone has to pay for those expenses, and $50 tickets won't get you there.The AVE train from Barcelona to Madrid is very popular. It goes nearly 400 miles at a little over 200 mph. 80% of people use the AVE with 20% flying between those two cities.The cost is a bit cheaper than a plane ticket, it's very smooth (obviously no turbulence), and it's reliable. They don't have nearly as much severe weather in Spain though. I wonder how much they would need to slow down when going through a thunderstorm.Also Texas isn't exactly hurting for land, especially in the areas where this train will go.You also have to keep in mind that airplanes need maintenance and refueling too, and you have to worry about someone ELSE handling YOUR luggage and tossing it around or losing your luggage, plus you have to be concerned about weather delays (especially in TX), longer lines, and TSA. As far as land usage, the rail lines can be elevated above ground (15-20 ft?) so you can walk/drive under them, and prevent animals from getting struck by the train. Perhaps they can build solar panels along the rail line to cut cost on electricity usage, or maybe the train can be powered by magnets? (like some amusement park rides). Idk if magnets are plausible yet or not, but I'm sure they can develop a way to make it at least partially self-sufficient.If the idea is to create a remote station that one still has to drive to, then what's the point? It'd be just like an airport, maybe a little quicker due to security lines, but that's it. Union Station in Downtown Dallas or the undeveloped land west of the Cedars are the best spots for a large scale train such as this one.Now if you want to then link that station to the TRE (Train that connects Dallas to Fort Worth) and re route it to have a stop within the airport, I think that's a fantastic option, where the main route still hits Downtown Dallas and Downtown Houston, and then just expand the line west from Dallas to DFW and Fort Worth.I did a quick map to illustrate better what I'm suggesting, as well as potential for future rail lines. Honestly it's way more ideal for the FW-DFW-Dal link to be local rail rather than regional, as those routes aren't long enough for the bullet trains to hit max speed anyway, but with the screwiness of the current TRE alignment (doesn't hit airport or Arlington sports/Six Flags area) and DART's continued confusion over whether it's a regional commuter rail or a local people mover, I admit that having the hi-speed trains just go slowly through this area is a fine option.Also, I don't think there's much use in going west of the Texas Triangle as routes over 600 miles generally begin to take longer than a plane flight and you lose a lot of the advantages of HSR.This of course is all pipedream until it actually happens. Securing both right-of-way and political support is daunting especially when you consider every little municipality along the way that wants a rail stop.Also, since I'm am asshole hell bent on perpetuating state rivalries- fuck Dallas in its BMW driving ass.I'm skeptical of DART right now, as it seems to be stuck between a local and regional rail. There's too many stops between Downtown and the airport to make it worthwhile except in certain situations to take the train (likewise going from any suburb into Dallas), and the endpoints are so isolated anyway you are stuck with very limited options on where you can go and what you can do. They'd do well to close a few stations that gum up the works and focus on being a regional rail, and allow the new freakdom over streetcars to take over moving people short distances.I use to work for a company a few years back that has proposing one of the leading ideas for rail placement in Texas, but their emphasis was to run through Ft. Hood on it's way toward Houston.  While not direct, it could help in mobilizing military/aide to and from the Gulf.  But yes, there are a number of ideas out there and it all comes down to funding and governmental support.  One day, perhaps.  Sigh."""With air travel, you have a relatively high fixed cost at individual points / destinations, but zero incremental cost between arbitrary airports. Compared to trains, air travel has a very compelling connectivity and flexibility advantage, compared to building tracks that only one train at a time can ride on between two fixed points.The only way a train makes more sense than air travel is when you have a walkable, transit oriented, dense downtown to connect to another similar destination, so that the people that can be serviced by the much smaller (compared to an airport) train station without having to worry about massive parking lot or car rentals. Currently, there's almost nowhere in the USA that qualifies.What you're suggesting is a very similar argument to what mayor Enrique Penalosa implemented in Bogota. Rather than spending untold millions of dollars on a subway system, which would have been very small and expensive, he used the current road infrastructure, created dedicated bus lanes, and created a modernized BRT or Bus Rapid Transit System called the TransMilenio. This allowed him to expand the service to those who needed it most and keep the system flexible enough to adapt to new markets.Automated vehicles will only suffice as viable alternatives to personal cars when multi-passenger vehicles have 100% dedicated lanes. Otherwise, what's the point if you end up stranded with no car somewhere in auto-oriented Dallas, and you had to sit in the same traffic on the way there?At that point the only benefit to the train is the speed element, which also has to be considered.Lets make planes better, more efficient, more spacious. Planes don't have to intersect with school buses.I'm not sure I understand the school bus argument, so I'll chalk that one up to the idea that the train would cross a road or something. Using current inner-city rail infrastructure, I know Union Station's tracks don't cross any roads. Once you get out of the city center, you put the train at grade along the I-45 ROW, which should be wide enough to support 2 tracks. The train would either be sub-grade or elevated within the city, so crossings wouldn't be an issue.And why does DFW even play apart in it?  why take a train to Dallas when you could fly from Logan? One of the reasons people consider this is because they worry about things like parking lots and car rentals and stuff. Hopefully a direct link between two downtowns would spur densification and the riders would either live near enough to the train that they could walk or take a cheap taxi/Uber or they'd use other, regional rail systems to get to the main regional hub (like people in NYC using the subway to get to Penn Station, where they board a regional train).To me the big issue is that you can't extend the lines like you can with a train track. Imagine the a route with stations like so: Fort Worth-Dallas-Houston-Corpus-Brownsville. You'd have to switch "pods" at every station, or you'd have to create multiple parallel tubes for people bypassing Dallas, or Houston, or Corpus, or just going from Dallas to Corpus, etc. There's no way to create a network that isn't a system of independent tunnels, multiplying that initial eye-popping low-cost multiple times over.Fly?  3.5 to 4 hours total.  0.5 hours to the airport.  1 hour at the airport.  1 hour flight. 0.5 hours to the car rental.  0.5-1.0 hours driving to destination.The bullet train would work if I could get to the station in 30 minutes or less, and not have to waste any extra time at the station.http://www.txdot.gov/inside-txdot/projects/studies/statewide/texas-oklahoma-rail.htmlAustin is too self-indulged to have trainloads of people turning up every weekend.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but