The problem is not what she is doing. She is doing what she was told and the congressperson looked like a jackass because he is part of the machine that closed down the park. Not her.Stop pretending they did nothing to cause this, they acting no different than the GOP right now.I noticed how you entirely took this to a partisan problem. I never once said anything about the repubs or democrats.  Funny how you did that an ignored the issue here. A congressperson grandstanding and looking a fool for something he caused.Scumbag congressman: works towards shutdown, berates gov't employees for actually shutting down.Also, unfortunate as it is, that is the nature of the world. Evil is everywhere. According to some people, I'm evil and according to some people you are evil, even of those people only speak in generalizations.Unfortunately, moderate democrats are still far too right-leaning for my tastes. It'd be great to get an actual democratic-socialist party or  Nordic-model social-democratic party, but our first-past-the-post, privately financed elections make that pretty unlikely. If you want to throw away your vote in the belief that a non mainstream party will win the popular vote, that's up to you. But many of us also see many of those 3rd parties as even worse than the current two. I'll take a democrat over a libertarian any day. While I am a green party member, I recognize that the strength of the green party is in its influence, not in it's ability to get elected. As for socialists...even I'm not that liberal.I speak unfortunately from experience from within the federal and two state governments.If the parks were really shut down, they wouldn't have funding to have rangers put up the fences and guard them. Sounds like a vandal's dream. I'd prefer that our parks and monuments not be easy targets for thugs while the politicians have their silly spat.Imagine if people guarded the monuments and cleaned them without the need of park rangers. Ha. Haha. Hahaha! Have you even been to a park? This could happen now . . . it doesn't. Hell, do you even use public restrooms? Some people can't bother themselves to so much as flush a toilet, and you want people to care for entire parks themselves? Also, just how expensive is the park service? I bet we could fund it for years by just cutting out, say, the F35 boondoggle.Because there is no driver to keep costs down in the government, every agency is basically a Jabba the Hutt of varying sizes. Every agency wastes money and their primary goal is to make sure they get at least the same amount of money during the next budget cycle regardless of whether they really need it or not.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but