["For what it's worth, I have met her many times and she's always remembered me and independently brought up things I would want to know about the issues she knows concern me (higher education funding in particular).  I'm nobody special in the community. I can't fund her campaign or magnify her message beyond the scope of small posts like this and interactions with my friends and colleagues, but she legitimately cares education and I've been majorly impressed with her work on that and other issues that matter. ", 'Sexist: Attempting to deny funding to PP using a federal anti-terrorism law, thanking a supporter calling Wendy Davis "Retard Barbie" without condemning the remark until after considerable public backlash, forcing Texas rape victims to pay for their own rape kits', "And that's not even getting into the topic of the ACA and some other issues on which we don't yet know his position such as education and equal pay.", 'Google auto complete shows the first clues, typing in "Greg Abbott ra" autocompletes to racist.  So that\'s promising.   Very first link : ', 'Greg Abbott and his team are far too close to a right-wing blogger named Robbie Cooper who calls black people "animals" and the N-word.', 'Cooper runs an Austin-based blog called Urban Grounds. Recently, top Abbott strategist Dave Carney hit the \'tweet\' button while reading one of Cooper\'s posts calling Wendy Davis "too stupid to be governor". ', 'In January, Abbott gave an exclusive interview to Cooper at a Right Online bootcamp in Austin.', 'But hey make sure you vote for / support this guy, cause he sounds like a Real Texan wink wink.', 'Google auto complete shows the first clues, typing in "Greg Abbott ra" autocompletes to racist. So that\'s promising. Very first link :', 'Brilliant deductive work, there.  By that logic, Obama, Bush, and Clinton (in fact, pretty much any public figures) are all racist.  Incidentally, "Wendy Davis rac" brings up the same result - and it only requires one extra letter!', "top Abbott strategist Dave Carney hit the 'tweet' button while reading one of Cooper's posts", 'So, via the inarguable tactic of "Six-degrees of Any Racists Anywhere", you managed to get to Abbot in two degrees.  Congrats.  As it happens, a certain grandparent of mine is a bit racist, so that makes me 1 degree.  I\'m practically a KKK member.', 'Incidentally, searching Cooper\'s blog shows that he\'s only used the dreaded "N-word" when quoting/paraphrasing - here.  Of course, having a conservative point out the ridiculous to insane social strictures around racially charged epitaphs is, in itself, racist, so that saves you the trouble of actually considering something from a different point of view.  We don\'t want you to hurt yourself, after all.', "I can't wait for your follow-up where you argue that Obama is a terrorist bomber because of his association with Ayers.  I'll be happy to point out the flaws in that argument too, but I'm not sure you'll understand the parallel.", 'it\'s this entire perspective that caused the mess we are in today. that whole "you people" crap has to go, or we are just going to be in-fighting over petty bullshit until we really do render this planet uninhabitable.', "in case you haven't noticed, the people you are sitting here bashing are your neighbors, your teachers, your doctors, and your police force, and in case you haven't noticed, this whole bi-partisan system has recently derailed to produce a gigantic cluster fuck of a government shutdown.", 'our government is shut down, sir, and for you to sit there and pretend like the problem lies with some imaginary line across the screen in the voting booth is as asinine as some of the fucked up policies YOU PEOPLE vote for.', "You're quoting the wrong guy there ;)... but it's good to know that there are people as eminently reasonable as yourself out there.  Doubtless, we would wake up to find ourselves in utopian splendor if only we cast aside such false aspersions as left vs. right, and listened to voices such as yours, which are so wonderfully above the chaotic political fracas below.  But please do tread carefully - we wouldn't want to get any human dirt on your angelic essence.", "Because seriously, don't we all just want government to leave us the hell alone?", "She wants to make nullification the center-piece of her campaign.  That's fucking loony.", 'Was the existence, and eventual abolishment, of slavery that strong an argument for the federal government to start controlling our guns, marriage, retirement, healthcare and everything else they spend $4 trillion dollars a year on?', "Putting that aside, it's individual human beings that make progress in this world, not governments. Advancements in medicine, technology, science, mathematics, engineering, logistics, economics, they all come from individuals smart enough or driven enough to make it happen. ", "PS, I wouldn't point to Social Security as a success story. We've barely gotten one full generation through it and it's already within a decade of insolvency.", 'Is there something magic about Federal politicians that make them inherently smarter and more capable of figuring out the infinitely complex problems of everyday Americans than state level politicians?', 'Well, yes. They have to think abou thtings on a larger federal level. It helps to leverage what is happening in a region or state and how would affect the larger company and surrounding states. ', "Individual people make progress by working together in governments. They make laws with regulations to make sure people's interests are protected when they are in opposition to corporations and try to ensure people's health by tracking health and enviromental issues.", 'A lot of her work and many of her positions have been drowned out by a heavily Republican legislature.', "That being said I'm glad Wendy Davis is running for Governor, because of the two year term she drew due to redistricting means she'll be out of the Senate.  Good Riddance.  ", "You're still downvoted, but it's a holdover from the time you tried to start the rumor that Davis was a slut.", 'Davis will not get above 45% of the state wide vote.  Most importantly, a Democrat has not been elected to a state wide seat since 1994.  The Democratic party is a joke in Texas and any democrat worth his salt will tell you that.', 'Yeah, maybe a little more than luck, but not by much.  Winning by 2.2 points proves my point.', "I felt your remarks were more derogatory and less about good discussion.  To make a statement that we, as a whole and single entity the people of Texas, don't need something is wrong and does not represent the whole.  Having a democrat elected does not immediately cause the inclusion of: ", "Are you saying that California has low taxes, gun friendly laws, a booming economy and few laws regulating personal behavior? That's the trend that blue states follow... and like it or not starting to elect Democrats to state level will set us in that direction. ", 'source : https://pay.reddit.com/r/texas/comments/1nng1m/poll_abbott_leads_davis_by_8_points_the_texas/ccka4ss', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']