Job vacancies in Kansas rose 5.5 percent in the second quarter of 2013 from the same period last year, and state officials say the increase is a sign of an improving economy.Insurance providers and financial planners expect the Affordable Care Act to encourage a flood of workplace departures from the 50-to-65 age group, which accounts for about 43 million members of the U.S. labor force.Vaulted ceilings can give rooms an ethereal quality, especially when they are punctuated by skylights and windows that let natural light stream in. But they can also hamper energy efficiency and make a room look austere by leaving large swaths of blank, awkward space.Much attention had been given to Miss Kansas, Theresa Vail, who is believed to be the first Miss America contestant to openly display tattoos. She has the Serenity Prayer on her rib cage and a military insignia on the back of a shoulder. While other contestants wore glamorous costumes and elaborately decorated footwear during Saturday night's "show-us-your-shoes" parade on the Boardwalk, Vail wore camouflage gear and Army boots.Good performances elevate 'The Rainmaker' in solid production at Metropolitan Ensemble TheatreJust when you think you know the depths to which people can sink, the extremes to which they can go, something happens that takes your breath away.    		A hobbyist using a remote-control airplane mounted with a digital camera just happened to capture images last year of a Dallas creek running red with pig's blood. It led to a nearby meatpacking plant being fined for illegal dumping and two of its leaders being indicted on water pollution charges.      		In this June 14, 2013, photo provided by the University of Texas, an unmanned drone flies over Darrell K. Royal Memorial Stadium during an experiment run by Todd Humphreys, director of the University of Texas Radionavagation Laboratory in Austin, Texas.  Texas is among seven states to recently pass a law limiting drone use in civilian airspace. While discussion in almost every state legislature has mainly focused on protecting private citizens from too much surveillance by law enforcement, the new law in Texas limits the use of drones by public entities and ordinary citizens.		In this June 14, 2013, photo provided by the University of Texas, an unmanned drone flies in Darrell K. Royal Memorial Stadium during an experiment run by Todd Humphreys, director of the University of Texas Radionavagation Laboratory in Austin, Texas. Texas is among seven states to recently pass a law limiting drone use in civilian airspace. While discussion in almost every state legislature has mainly focused on protecting private citizens from too much surveillance by law enforcement, the new law in Texas limits the use of drones by public entities and ordinary citizens.		In this June 14, 2013, photo provided by the University of Texas, Todd Humphreys, director of the University of Texas Radionavagation Laboratory, explains an experiment involving unmanned drones to high school students participating in a summer engineering program at Darrell K. Royal Memorial Stadium in Austin, Texas. Texas is among seven states to recently pass a law limiting drone use in civilian airspace. While discussion in almost every state legislature has mainly focused on protecting private citizens from too much surveillance by law enforcement, the new law in Texas limits the use of drones by public entities and ordinary citizens.    Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Westport business sponsors Civil War exhibit at 1855 Harris-Kearney House Museum