See a post that violates the rules below? Had your post stuck in the spam filter? Have a question about policy? Just want to give feedback? Send the mod team a message.Please post news items only, with the exception of meta posts about /r/news itself. Self-posts aggregating news data and "independent reporting" each count as news, but are not an excuse to editorialize.If your post doesn't fit, consider finding an appropriate news article on that story to submit instead, or submitting yours to lower moderation subreddits:/r/FoodForThought - discussion-worthy long form articles about interesting subjectsor check out the 200 most active subreddits, categorized by content and the full list of subreddits by activity.I have cops in my extended family.  And they're fucking scum too.  Cause if that was their buddy who launched that 100lb girl into the bench-  they'd lie to keep him out of trouble."1,000,000,000,000 dollar evonomy grinds to a halt, but the Congressional gym is still running?!?  Why won't they give the 10,000 dollar gym budget to the soldiers???"Because aside from the symbolic gesture, it doesn't mean anything and will accomplish nothing.Don't "believe" anything, or anyone!  As Terence McKenna once said, the truth does not require your belief.and isn't the utopia of capitalism to drive the marginal cost of labor to zero? I guess that's great if you're in the capitalist class, but what do we do for everyone else?There was an excellent article in Sunday's New York Times about the GOP and wealthy, influential figures (including Regan alumni Ed Meese the Koch Bros and various organizations), pushing for a government shutdown to blackmail Obama into defunding or recinding the ACA.  I highly recommend reading that, but it's no surprise to anyone who follows politics.Also Recommended: "Mr. Smith Goes to Washington."  Still the best movie about American politics.  Apart from "The Godfather," of course.There are plenty of times to criticize Democrats and blame both parties for failing this country.  But the shutdown (and debt ceiling crisis) is not one of them.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but