See a post that violates the rules below? Had your post stuck in the spam filter? Have a question about policy? Just want to give feedback? Send the mod team a message.Please post news items only, with the exception of meta posts about /r/news itself. Self-posts aggregating news data and "independent reporting" each count as news, but are not an excuse to editorialize.If your post doesn't fit, consider finding an appropriate news article on that story to submit instead, or submitting yours to lower moderation subreddits:/r/FoodForThought - discussion-worthy long form articles about interesting subjectsor check out the 200 most active subreddits, categorized by content and the full list of subreddits by activity.Linking to other domains is not a guarantee (or necessarily a good indication) a submission will be removed. These sites were found to post a high volume of content suitable for /r/news, not to exclusively post it. The purpose of this list is to help users find appropriate submissions - it's not meant as a tool for distinguishing appropriate/inappropriate content per se. You should submit from these sites with conscientiousness of the submission rules.Before complaining about certain sites, YSK news websites aren't run by the pundits that appear on cable stations operating under the same brand.We are aware that the list is currently dominated by "corporate" outlets. We hope to soon expand it to include a lot of sources appealing to people who don't like such outlets. Don't: message us just to point this issue out, or to let us know you're upset about it. Do: message us with recommendations of "independent" outlets that frequently produce non-analytical, non-editorialized stories.- Linking to other domains is not a guarantee (or necessarily a good indication) a submission will be removed. These sites were found to post a *high volume* of content suitable for /r/news, not to *exclusively* post it. The purpose of this list is to help users find appropriate submissions - it's not meant as a tool for distinguishing appropriate/inappropriate content per se. You should submit from these sites with conscientiousness of the submission rules.- Before complaining about certain sites, YSK news websites aren't run by the pundits that appear on cable stations operating under the same brand.- We are aware that the list is currently dominated by "corporate" outlets. We hope to soon expand it to include a lot of sources appealing to people who don't like such outlets. Don't: message us just to point this issue out, or to let us know you're upset about it. Do: message us with recommendations of "independent" outlets that frequently produce non-analytical, non-editorialized stories.Now that you've done so, [feel free to send us a message.](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fnews) we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but