The Syrian civil war, also referred to as the Syrian uprising, is an ongoing armed conflict in Syria between forces loyal to the Ba'ath Party government and those seeking to oust it. The conflict began on 15 March 2011 with nationwide demonstrations as part of the wider protest movement known as the Arab Spring. Protesters demanded the resignation of President Bashar al-Assad, as well as the end to nearly five decades of Ba'ath Party rule. Any updates on it will be posted here.If your post doesn't much the criteria of any of rules below for the appropriate post type, the post will be removed. Instead of directly posting links, put the link into a text post and discuss it. Your opinion on the article matters more than the article itself, and you're sharing it at the same time. The post must at least challenge/criticise at least 3 point in the article, which should be quoted in the post.You must add the flair 'Opinion' to it, and the name of the article in the title.You cannot link post a link that has already been discussed in an 'Opinion' post. You can re-discuss an article in your own 'Opinion' only if it has a different view than a previous post and its comments.You must first, in the post, discuss and defend your stand and support it with evidences (links, other sources)Add the flair 'Debate' and clearly and briefly state what the debate will be aboutYou can only debate a topic that has been debated before only if the previous debate is at least 3-4 months old.Commenters must also state if they're [PRO] or [CON] before their comment, if they are joining the debate. If you're only going to ask the OP or others in the debate, you don't need to put any tag.Your theory must be based on events, or a series of events, which should at least be linked in the post in chronological order or in the text itself.The title must be clear and it would be recommended to add "What if" in the title.No attacking, and no bias. Your theory should not have been discussed before. If it has, and you would like to add more to it, either comment on the post or do a new one and link to the previous post.You can post short, title-only updates linking to the article(s) in the body. If the post includes at least two links that have been posted before, it will be removed.Reposting rules apply differently for each type of post, but they reposts will most likely be removed. Link posts are not recommended.Try to add to the discussion and provide a comprehensive argument that challenges the OP's or commenter's views. Do not downvote based on opinion. Report a post if it doesn't comply with rules.Message the mods if your post gets stuck in the spam filter, or removed. Please specify how your post doesn't deserve removal if you do so, and how it does meet the criteria.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but