['Yep.  Definitely has that posture of leadership and confidence in the guys around him.', "The verse you're speaking of (Matthew 5:17) is in the middle of the sermon on the mount which is a pinnacle moment in Christ's ministry and message.", '5:17 says: "Do not think that I have come to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I have not come to abolish them but to fulfill them."', '6 Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled.', '10 Blessed are those who are persecuted because of righteousness, for theirs is the kingdom of heaven.', 'Therefore anyone who sets aside one of the least of these commands and teaches others accordingly will be called least in the kingdom of heaven, but whoever practices and teaches these commands will be called great in the kingdom of heaven.', 'He also goes on to specifically target topics of the first covenant, murder, adultery, oath breaking, eye for an eye, loving your neighbor/hating your enemy.  And how he teaches a different and new message on all of these topics than the laws of old.', '14 For if you forgive other people when they sin against you, your heavenly Father will also forgive you. 15 But if you do not forgive others their sins, your Father will not forgive your sins.', "He continues later with cutting down the old covenant's commands restricting materials of clothing and types of meat that are kosher to eat:", 'These are literally the words of Christ telling his followers to act in a completely contradicting manner with regards to the first covenant.  For Christians to say they still follow the laws of the Leviticus is contradictory to the words of the man they believe is the son of God.', 'Hebrews 8 further reinforces that the laws of leviticus.  The first covenant of god and man, have been superseded by the new covenant:', '"theirs" in this verse is referring to the ministry of the priests before him as this chapter and chapter 9 are the parts which reiterate that Christ was the highest of priests and that the sacrifices of redemption of animals that were unclean on the outside (referring to high priests sacrificing goats for forgiveness of sins) was no longer needed as Christ was the ultimate sacrifice.', '7 For if there had been nothing wrong with that first covenant, no place would have been sought for another. 8 But God found fault with the people and said[b]:', 'This is literally stated that God found fault with the people and there was need for a new covenant to replace the first.', 'tl:dr - Yes, Christ and the New Testament repeatedly reiterate that the old covenant is replaced with the new and that Christ was sent to mediate a new covenant between God and man.', 'Why? So something as important as the one life you get to live is plagued by illness and death if your born in the wrong state or the wrong income bracket?', "That's exactly the kind of admission they will have in the mortgage case.  Admission of negligence on controls, poor operational oversight, and violation of security law.", 'Also, the article even states that $4 billion of the suspected $11 billion is to settle consumer cases.', "So you're saying you're clueless as to the situation around the rogue trader?  Feel free to read up.  The trader dubbed the london whale was trading a strategy based on the strategy pushed by his bosses boss, the head of London CIO.  Also, late 2011 saw agreements on winding down the position yet after the chief risk officer was replaced in jan 2012 with someone who had no formal exp as a risk officer (was brother of an executive in the states), the london CIO urged the traders to continue defending the position from accruing it's losses (in turn which expanded the size of it).  When questioned by the America's CIO, he had a reputation for just shouting at her until she stopped questioning it (he was also fired from Bankers trust back in the day for hostility towards employees as well).  ", "But no... you're right.  This was just a single lone VP trader slipping under the radar.", "However, you (and plenty of Christians) happen to be ignoring the second half of that book that speaks of forgiveness through Christ, no one but God has the right to judge the transgressions of others, turning the other cheek to those that strike you, and that the meek shall inherit the earth (are favored in God's eyes).", 'Christianity is based around the prophecy of the line of David.  That Christ came to mediate a New Covenant between God and his followers "not like the covenant that I made with their fathers on the day when I took them by the hand to bring them out of the land of Egypt" (Jeremiah 31:32, though also spoken about in Hebrews 8:7-13).', 'Not preaching religion here... just stating that there is a common misconception about Christianity promoting hatred and judgement (that even many Christians seem to succumb to).', 'The world markets say else wise.  The LMBA issues specifications for good delivery bars that are what futures contracts are settled with.  ', 'The law against perpetuities is to engage in a contract that dictates how the money is used once it changes hands.  The simplest explanation is you can\'t attempt to issue a legal constraint that your relative "A" will inherit your house and decides that once he dies, relative "B" will inherit it from him.  The law prohibits relative "A" from having a contractual obligation dictated from a person who is no longer living.  Once the wealth or title or object changes hands of ownership via inheritance, so does the sovereign control of the asset.', 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']