The issue here is that the standards set are not medical standards, they are legislative standards, which is where it diverges from every other procedure which takes place in the state of Texas.Anomaly scans aren't done until 19-21 weeks. The baby is just too small to pick up any major physical anomalies until then. The anomaly scan would pick up things like: absence of the top of the head (anencephaly), excess fluid within the brain (hydrocephalus), missing, defective or misplaced major organs, missing limbs, spina bifida, Etc. So basically the 20 week law lets women end pregnancies because of choice or genetic defect (if they are eligible for that testing) but won't let a woman end a non-viable physically defective pregnancy. I think making a woman carry a non-viable pregnancy to full term is extremely cruel. Some women might choose to, but most would not. Yes.  Didn't you hear?  It means you're a misogynist woman-hater if you do.  The only women's rights issue that matters anymore is abortion, so don't you dare go against the collective.But it doesn't matter.  apm193 is automatically a woman-hater for saying 20 instead of 24.  And therefore we must downvote him.I'm tired of the rhetoric and the bullshit from both sides, and his downvoted comment is just one aspect of it.I'm tired of people tallying downvotes and extrapolating them into some sort of horrific persecution of dissent. I get plenty of downvotes myself, particularly in /r/Texas threads regarding politics. Grow a spine.Post-20 week abortions are not a matter of convienience, and actually rarely evne occur, but sometimes they are necessary.The former [the provision requiring physicians to have admitting privileges at a hospital within 30 miles of where the abortion is performed], the suit says, would force the closure of [more] than a third of the state's abortion facilities, including the only provider in Lubbock, Waco, Killeen, Harlingen and McAllen, and all three in Fort Worth, partly because of distance, partly because of the refusal of many hospitals to grant admitting privileges to abortion providers. I suppose they could relocate to Houston, Austin, or Dallas, where there are already providers that will still be around after this crap legislation takes effect. If that 14-year-old girl carrying her stepfather's child has to steal a car and drive eight hours to a clinic, them's just the breaks, right?Wait, what? All those places have hospitals. Harlingen has an abortion clinic not very from from the nearest hospital, and probably all those other cities do too. Not sure what you're getting at with that.Also, there's no medical reason for the admitting requirements. Even the state medical board thinks it's an unnecessary requirement. If the law hadn't been passed, there would be no lawsuit.  Claiming that this is PP's fault is beyond ridiculous.Fetal viability doesn't even reach coin-toss chances until 24 weeks. 90% viability is around 26 weeks. As others have said, most health testing to determine whether anything born will be viable or fully formed can't be done until the 20th week. However, making sure your next kid isn't born with serious mental retardation or physical birth defects? They take care of that. Making sure mothers don't die giving birth to their third child? They do that too. And they do it cheap, so poor people can afford it.There's no way in hell anyone's ever going to convince me a sack of non-sentient goo that's smaller than my foot and just as likely to survive if I cut it from the body is a "kid". And there's no way in fucking hell anyone's ever going to convince me that a 32 year old mother of three children should die because some religious nutjob decided that the ball of goo killing her has more of a right to live than some actual kid's mother.Abortion services comprise 3% of their 'business', yet more than half of their funding is from gov't grants. Hilarious.  Nice try, but our fringe-right pals don't form their opinions or reading or critical thinking or science or none of that girly stuff.  They make up their minds based on emotion and sentiment.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but