gifts on behalf of /u/Para-Medicine have helped pay for 23.04 hours of reddit server time.1) The Price. We are required to pay an $8 membership which subscribes us to 2 separate games. $8 honestly isnt that much a month, but it really does feel like we are being forced to pay for something we do not want (current RS). If Jagex separated the 2 games and made the 2007 RS membership $5-$6, I believe we would see a growth of consistent players.Batterys for them are like drunks for us. It's usually a waste of time and a lot of effort.I'm sure I butchered that quote, but read it. Read it again. Now read it again. Do you have it in your head? Good, because this is the basis of your life from now. I was taking a test today that I worked really hard to study for and when I realized I didn't know anything, I was getting mad at myself for not giving up because I knew I'd fail either way. Giving up is not failing. Not trying IS failing. and the only way you can give up is by not trying. I'll take a man who works toward a tasks and fails 100 times as quickly as I'll take someone who gets it on the first try. The main thing you need to do is try. Whether you spend an extra 30 minutes studying, or you even try to find a different method to learn. I'm a weird learner. It took me forever to try and learn things, but I found a method that works for me. I teach to learn. I ask my friends if they know a question and then I explain to them which/why it's the right answer. Your question is how do I not give up, my answer is don't give up. Giving up isn't something forced on you. You choose to do it. It's your decision and your brain is behind it. The easiest way to give up, is by saying to yourself "I give up". Overcome your obstacle and keep your head down and keep trying. You are the only person who can do it for yourself.The only thing I WOULD like them to improve is removing the name tags above peoples heads. I always find people from seeing their name tag and it disappoints me.In case you were wondering that's 3 words, an abrupt change to capitalization and italics, an exclamation point and questions mark. And, if you look closely, there's an apostrophe. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but