The spearwives with Mance claim responsibility for the earlier murders, the only one they deny is Big Walder.  It's only shortly before Big Walder's death that Theon encountered the hooded man.  It's entirely possible that the spearwives were the Ghost, and then Brynden infiltrated the castle and killed Big Walder.  Roose and the other lords would only have ample time to recognize Brynden if he had been there a while.  Otherwise Brynden could easily roam the walls claiming to be on patrol and no one would know better.Vast majority of that time is spent in a larval form, actual dragonfly metamorphosis lasts only a few weeks, long enough to feed up and mate.As for that dragonfly, the wings aren't supported by blood vessels, that would require blood pressure beyond what their circulatory system is capable of.  Blood does flow through those tubes, but they are more rigid and supportive.  Those tubes will not be replaced without the dragonfly molting, and an adult dragonfly at that stage is extremely unlikely to molt.So now that I've got my degree and I'm working an entry level position, I'm mid twenties, thinking about starting a family.  I want to get married, buy a house, etc etc.  I've got to take out a mortgage to buy a house.  Except I've already got a mortgage, because I haven't paid off my university debts yet. Not to mention an over-inflated housing market.The fact that university costs are sinking students into debt isn't something you can hand wave away by saying "its like a mortgage.". Mortgages are something that lets people afford a house.  How the fuck do you expect someone to afford a house when they've already got a fucking mortgage.Universities have become bloated with administrative roles at the high end of pay scales, they've over burdened faculties with excessive enrollment, and poor financial management is transferring excessive costs to students.  That's fine.  That's a challenge I and my generation must face, and the cards we've been dealt. But there's no fucking need to he so dismissive and ignorant about it.It was once overwhelmingly obvious that life was spontaneously generated from rotting meat.RLJ will be fact once a reliable source appears in the books and provides evidence (whilst not being under duress) of Jon's parentage.Until such happens, it is a well-supported theory and nothing more.  You cheapen the theory and the discussion as a whole by masquerading it as fact.  Jaime wasn't present at the ToJ, nor was he in Rhaegar's company for the entirety of that period.  Aerys deliberately kept Jaime close to him to ensure Tywin's loyaltyCersei couldn't possibly have known, else she would reveal the secret to Robert, or at least after Robert's death.  What better way to smear Ned than to accuse him of harboring an assumed Targaryen?Cersei in the passage you quote is pointing out how little the line of succession matters.  It's said time and time again that Robert's Targ blood didn't mean shit, it's his hammer that won him the throne.  Cersei is simply saying Ned should've claimed it for himself, instead of stepping aside for Robert.You've written this whole thread under the assumption that RLJ is fact.  It is not. It is a well-based and well-supported theory, and remains as such until we have rock solid, textual confirmation of Jon's parentage.  Swoleacceptance is possibly one of my favorite subs on reddit simply for the beautiful mix.The succession doesn't matter.  That's proven by the fact that the three have chosen to leave the company of Aerys and Rhaegar on Rhaegar's orders.  They are there because they were ordered to be there.  Orders given by a dead prince still hold clout with the Kingsguard, as Barristan tells us with his distressed response to Cersei's violation of Robert's will.  It is extremely like the Blackfish however, to infiltrate Winterfell and sow dischord amongst the uneasy alliance in the north.  He could've easily received news of 'Arya' headed north, and decided to rescue one of the last living Starks. (Remember he believes Bran & Rickon to be dead)Where does the fault lie with that? The ineptitude of the Liberal party that led to the NDP and LPC splitting the left, and the ever-present voter apathy that resulted in a sub-50% popular vote forming a majority government.  Harper isn't being evil, conniving, or sinister, he is performing the job that was tasked to him by those who voted for him.  Whether they feel the same now is irrelevant, thats not how the system works.The only way to change Harper being in control is to get involved.  Find your local candidate who aligns with your values, volunteer with their campaign, vote, get your friends to vote, get everyone else who wants pot legalized to vote.  If its as popular as you claim you should win the election in a landslide.  The people who do not exercise their democratic right to influence our political system have absolutely no basis from which to criticize the result of that system.If its really that popular, get all its supporters out to vote and get it legalized.  That's my ideal. I don't partake myself, I don't care if the people around me partake.  Pot is just not something I care about.  I'm just tired of seeing the arguments about it, full of inaccuracy, bias, and baseless assumption on both sides.Its extremely unlikely that legalization of pot would provide the explosive economic growth you suggest.  You're not going to have mom & pop smoke shops popping up on every corner.  Niche stores that already exist to cater to a similar or overlapping market would probably expand their stock to include pot (I can think of at least 2 smoke shops in my city that would) and places like Shisha bars might offer pot as well.  Pot would enter the general consumer market in a creeping fashion, expanding from niche stores as the social stigma disappears.  Big companies like pharmacies, grocery stores, etc would resist stocking it to prevent driving off their unsupportive customer base, but once it turned out to be profitable they would push all the independent retailers out of the market the same way as was done with liquor, pharmaceuticals, etc.  You'd end up with the same issues you have right now, where large corporations ruthlessly slash jobs and salaries to increase profit margins and net the execs more money.  Legalization might have some short term benefit to our economy, but it won't be some miraculous overhaul like you suggest The points OP makes about unfeasible travel with a newborn (ToJ -> Starfall, along with whatever other time is spent at ToJ during this period) would be a death sentence to a newborn.  Wylla would've had to be AT the ToJ in order for Jon to survive - Ned & Howland had no way to keep him alive for that journey.  If Wylla was at the ToJ, she would be privvy to what went on, and the secret of Jon's parentage would not be safe.  Plus, for Wylla to be a functional wet nurse for Edric Dayne, she must have given birth recently.  This is easily explain if Jon is her child (as Edric Dayne believes) but if not then who is that child?  How could the Dayne family believe Jon is Wylla's child if she has another child floating around? You can hand-wave all these point away by saying the whole Dayne house knows and is in on Jon's parentage, but then you approach the Achilles heel of conspiracy, how could this possibly be kept secret by so many people for so long?  It is easy to explain Ned's staunch defense of the secret, but what about Darkstar? Or, the much more likely scenario its that its all manufactured by one person for some other motive.  Either way, he said, she said, no proof, no verification.  There's no way to tell what's true.  Those pictures of bruises (which may or may not exist) could be authentic, or they could be from another source completely such as self-inflicted.  No point getting worked up over it. Best option is to offer and ear and a shoulder to both parties while retaining an impartial open mind.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but