No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldrhttp://www.today.com/news/witness-texas-plant-blast-lifted-my-truck-ground-1C9503042I have legitimately been on one call where a kid (14) did permanently lose his hearing and the entire time he was screaming because he had no idea how loud he was talking. He just couldn't hear his own voice.My father is also an EMT, but no one knew I was like.. dying until my dog started to freak the fuck out.I had my entire let ear drum repaired by a surgeon - they make an incision behind your ear and graft a small amount of tissue on to the drum, and then pack your middle ear on both sides with a biodegradable foam to keep it in place.  After a month or so the foam dissolves and the ear drum continues to heal.  Most people recover at least 80% of their hearing if the procedure takes, and it's about 80% successful as I recall.  I personally regained about 95% of hearing, which is near enough to 100 as makes no difference to me.Still traumatic, but not out of the realm of modern science to fix pretty regularly.  The procedure is called a tympanoplasty or myringoplasty depending on the severity of the damage.Exposure to a single, intense impulse noise, such as an explosion, can result in immediate, permanent hearing loss.Acoustic trauma is an immediate loss of hearing after a sudden, exceptionally loud noise, such as an explosion.So we can just take any communicative liberties we want with facts under the comfortable guard of "it's a figure of speech?" Sweet. Let me try.In my experience it was an M80 that my buddy lit to throw out the window of a moving car, but forgot to open the window.  I realize that's a pretty small explosion, but it was less than 5 feet away in an enclosed space.  This video looks like it was several hundred yards away.I'll admit that I reacted just like that kid though.  Couldn't hear shit for quite a while, and I have permanent hearing damage, but it's pretty minor.Here's a video, I was about 200 meters away and was just leaving the fire, 2 minutes later and I would've been dead.Fun fact, this fireworks storage was located IN a neighbourbood, not just near it. The entire area was leveled.http://www.today.com/news/witness-texas-plant-blast-lifted-my-truck-ground-1C9503042Explosions aren't something you really hear. The sound is about the best that can be done in movies. It sucks to get caught in a bomb. It happens so fast that you just have a sense of alarm and then you feel a palpable "THUMP". After that, it's a lot of chaos and some pain as you return to yourself. Edit: Wounded in OIF4, but recovered, got permanently wounded training for Afghanistan. Edit: MusicGetsMeHard and captainbitchdick say I'm wrong. Where did I learn this false information in the first place?Edit: i'm talking about speakers, of course. Never heard about it being bad for eardrums.When I was about 11, I was living in a a town about 10 kilometers from the beach. We lived on the top floor of a tall building on a hill, and on a nice day I could see the sea from our balcony. On that day I was playing on our roof, minding my own business, generally looking towards the sea. At some point I remember looking west (sea) and suddenly seeing a gigantic distortion wave, similar to what you'd see rising from a hot road on a summer day, but HUGE - it must have been a few hundreds meter tall and as wide as I could see. It was like a giant lens distorting all the houses, and it was moving towards me (eastward). I looked at it astonished, not really knowing what is it that I'm seeing. As it got closer and closer, I noticed that it drags behind it shiny clouds, which were beautiful and inexplicable to me. I was mesmerized and couldn't stop staring at this... thing making it's way towards me.And then it hit me. First came a sound like an enormous, angry thunder, a thunder eating glass mixed with metallic roars as if huge sheets of metal were being shredded. At this point I was slightly less amazed and much more afraid, but could still not take my eyes off the distortion field that was about to reach me. When it reached, it was warm and squishy, imagine sticking your whole body into this Dyson Hand Drier thing, if the Dyson thing was powered by plutonium. I imagine being shat by an elephant would not be very far from this feeling. It was not unpleasant yet at the same time I was afraid to the depth of my soul. Then all the windows in our building and of the supermarket on the ground floor exploded. People came running out of the supermarket screaming that there was a grenade in the cucumbers.There was nothing in my life's experiences that could explain what I was witnessing and I remember that at some point I believed that the sea had exploded into steam.My mom came running to the roof screaming at me to get back home and that there was a terrorist attack on our building, and I tried to explain her that no, the sea exploded. Of course she wouldn't listen to this nonsense and sent me to hide in my room.Shortly after the details came clear. On the beach, roughly right in front of our house, used to be a factory of the IMI (Israeli Military Industries). Some negligence in their bunker led to the explosion of something around 100 tons of explosives. The lens I saw was actually the shockwave. To this day this is one (if not THE) most surreal event I have ever experienced.Real explosions are hundreds of times more powerful than a Hollywood fireball explosion, there often isn't a huge cloud of fire (usually just smoke, maybe with a flash of flame), and they fuck shit up.That's because people making movie explosions have no idea what real explosions are like.They also know that real explosions aren't what movie audiences want to see, and that they're far more dangerous than a low-pressure fireball. Movies are a visual medium and an escape from reality, and the monster pressure wave from a real explosion satisfies neither of those criteria.Hollywood tends to give you either the billowy flame type explosions that you get from gas or fuel or the 'dusty' shockwave only explosions you tend to get from high explosives.Oxidisers catching in a fire gives you the worst of both worlds, shockwave plus a massive fireball. 1) I doubt Hollywood explosions ever reach this scale. They're usually a lot smaller.2)The sound is recorded with a much better quality, and is later mastered, which makes the explosion sound a lot more tame.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but