['Cleveland-area woman finds ghostly couple in cellphone photo - Houston Chronicle', "A Cleveland-area woman who found a couple of ghostly figures in a photo taken with her cell phone said she's not freaked out about it.", 'David took the photo about 4 p.m. April 15 at Cleveland High School, where she was trying to get a shot of her nephew, who attends the school.', '"He spun around so I couldn\'t take his picture, so I got the back of his head," she said. "I didn\'t try to take no more because he didn\'t let me."', "Davis, the mother of two teenagers, said she doesn't understand much about the smart phone she used to take the photos, so that evening, her daughter was showing her how she could zoom in and out.", 'As her daughter zoomed in on the photo of her nephew, she could see more detail.', '"She goes, \'Mom, look at this.\' I was like, \'What?\' and she showed me the picture of the ghost," Davis said. "You could see straight through it."', 'A man in a light-colored suit with bell-bottom pants and a dark shirt is standing near the chain-link fence, and a woman, who is less distinct, can be seen behind him.', "Because of the man's clothing and hair style, he appears to be from the 1970s, Davis said.", 'A life-long resident of the Cleveland area, Davis said she has never had any other encounters with ghosts, but believes it could be possible.', '"To me, it\'s not something that\'s not normal," she said. "People pass away all the time. Until you\'re the one who passes away, you don\'t honestly know what happens to you."', "While it's possible to alter photos with cellphone apps, such as GhostCam Spirit Photography for Android phones or Ghost Cam for iPhones, Davis said she wouldn't begin to know how to use them.", 'Subscribe to the Houston Chronicle and receive access to the Chronicle for iPad App ', 'Copyright 2013 Houston Chronicle. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.', " A man in a light-colored suit with bell-bottom pants and a dark shirt is standing near the chain-link fence, and a woman, who is less distinct, can be seen behind him.  Because of the man's clothing and hair style, he appears to be from the 1970s, Davis said.  People pass away all the time....", "The Houston Chronicle is the premier local news provider for the country's 4th largest city.", "Currently the nation's sixth-largest newspaper, the Houston Chronicle is a multimedia company publishing print and online products in English and Spanish that reach millions of people each month. The Houston Chronicle is owned by the Hearst Corporation.", 'Place a targeted ad in a speciality section such as a weekly or neighborhood publication ', 'Get home delivery, manage your subscription, pay your bill with EZ Pay, and set a vacation hold for the paper']