['The mechanism is called a Transportation Reinvestment Zone (TRZ) and SB 1110 authored by Sen. Robert Nichols and carried in the House by Rep. Joe Pickett (who authored an identical house bill), expands their use to capture sales tax as well as property tax. A city or county can establish a zone and use or pledge the property tax appraisal increases to fund a state highway project, including toll projects, for 40 - 50 years until the bonds are paid off. If a toll project needs tax money to subsidize it, the toll is no longer a user fee, but a tax.', "Texas voters already said 'No!'While the bill calls for a public hearing prior to the TRZ being designated, a mere public hearing is NOT the equivalent to public approval of such a use for property/sales taxes. Texans had a chance to vote on a similar measure in November 2011 on the Constitutional Amendment Proposition 4. The enabling legislation involved TRZs and expanding their use to toll projects -- Texas voters resoundingly defeated the amendment. Plus, one area of a city or county could be targeted for the zone, so it would be VERY difficult for that one targeted area to stop a vote of the whole city council or commissioners court from designating the zone over their objections.", 'Most Texans would like to see their property tax bill go down or go away altogether. Rep. George Lavender introduced a bill in the Texas House to eliminate property tax and replace it with a sales tax based system. But the likelihood of that happening is slim to nil if property taxes are already obligated to a 40 or 50 year transportation project.', 'However, Texas Governor Rick Perry, the Republican State Party Chair, and a slew of freshmen members of the House have all publicly stated they will NOT support ANY fee hikes. The irony is that even doubling the vehicle registration fee is not sufficient to raise the $4 billion the highway department needs. It would take a $200 vehicle registration fee increase or a gas tax hike of more than 40 cents/gallon to raise $4 billion.', 'But dedicating existing vehicle sales tax to roads, which currently generates about $3.3 billion/yr, and ending gas tax diversions would raise $4 billion without raising taxes or more borrowing. So existing taxes MUST be part of the solution.', "Texas' 83rd Legislative Session - Bill tracking, BAD BILL Alerts and other key resources  281 - Get the facts What is a Super Street? Why public private partnerships are anti-taxpayer"]