It's a bit of a pain in the ass, and you'll have to reset it a few times before it works, but that's the way it goes.Bonus points if you carry around an embedded device that can program it, but has an encrypted copy of the key only the device can decrypt while being programmed, and has a passcode to decrypt it for the device also. If the wrong key is programmed, the device goes inert till you take it home, because you just reprogrammed a block of flash with an invalid bitstream, so it can't boot now.In the end the actual security is making the equipment to reprogram it properly be physically removed, preferably with a "trusted" friend, if such a thing is possible. This whole thing is something I could implement on a cortex-m3, possibly even an avr (though those only have 1 usb port normally, so a cortex m4 with host and periph is best, possibly an avr32).All of the above. I'm a late (on the verge of going off) PhD candidate, and my research is on the history of wheat, flour, and bread in Britain from 1846 to 1914. I look at wheat-producing regions around the world, and follow that wheat to Britain where it was milled into flour, then baked into bread or biscuits, and then consumed in homes. I'll understand if nobody has said this to you before, but that sounds like a pretty fascinating research focus.Is there an amendment that forbids the free press specifically when owned by a corporation? Cause if so that's news to me, must've miscounted last time.Btw, corporations can and do simply buy newspapers left and right to gain more favorable press coverage, and they are quite welcome to do so, the concern is their donations to political campaigns. I would actually be willing to accept CU, in exchange for removing direct political donations to the candidate, the quid pro quo regarding direct donations seems more threatening to democracy than the shifting alliances that come with aligning interests campaigning for or against a politician.http://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/2013/06/19/paula-deen-admits-in-deposition-to-using-n-word-telling-racist-jokes-report/Neither are reputable (I mean Fox News ffs), but at least the full deposition is quoted.There does tend to be a bit of a correlation between the two populations, they're really not that exclusive.Came here to post this--the ratings companies pay the least in finance, so they get the least talented individuals.Or, rather, he viciously denies that anyone ever gave him anything and he's completely a self-made man.Yeah, he really should be more grateful for the help the bankers gave him by destroying the us economy. He'd truly be nothing without them. They are the CIA to his Bin Ladin.Schaums when I fall over, and The Art and Science of Analog Circuit Design when things get heavyish. When it comes to wireless stuff it's mostly stuff like wikipedia so I can remember how to do the encoding systems, too many for me to remember more than QAM and PSK offhand easily, the rest just exist in my brain as "other".we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but