	Your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day.	Local sports roundup from The Steuben Courier Advocate's April 21, 2013 edition.Word of the Day, Website of the Day, Number to Know, This Day in History, Today's Featured Birthday and Daily Quote.	Your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day.	Nathaniel J. Webster, son of Brian and Suzie Webster, of Spencer Hill, Corning, has made some great achievements in Boy Scouts throughout his life.Keuka Health Foundation Radio Auction raises $11,000 to benefit emergency department	With a $250 grant from the Dewey Family Fund for Community Service, Corning Community College was able to raise more than $500.00 to donate to the Bank of the Southern Tier in an effort to raise awareness of hunger issues both locally and nationally.	Amphibians were the first animals with backbones to crawl out onto dry land some 360 million years ago. Their descendents, the frogs, toads, and salamanders, still survive, although for many species, their existence is threatened. The presentation will be held at 10 a.m. Saturday, April 20 at the Ted Markham Nature Center at Mossy Bank Park in Bath to hear Broome Community College professor, Dr. Victor Lamoureaux, discuss the status of our local amphibians, see some representative specimens, and if you wish, join Dr. Lamoureaux on a walk through the woods to see what we can find. A great way to spend an Earth Day weekend morning! The program is free to the public.Word of the Day, Website of the Day, Number to Know, This Day in History, Today's Featured Birthday and Daily Quote.	Your daily news briefing, with the video of the day, top news and quote of the day.	The new home of Genesee Community College in Dansville offers an exciting opportunity for students interested in the arts. GCC Dansville, which recently moved into the old Dansville Middle School at 31 Clara Barton St., now offers Fine and Performing Arts courses.Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.