[EDIT 2] Pensions was mostly made up of Social Security, consisting of about 90% of the money spent on Pensions.  I think we both agree Social Security is a good thing.EDIT: ahh per GDP.  But we aren't talking about the GDP, we're talking about federal spending as a whole.  So even if its low compared to the GDP (because GDP has risen so much since WW2) that doesn't excuse it from scrutiny when compared to the rest of federal spending.I had one guy, normally very smart with liberal tendencies, tell me he hates Obamacare because "The bill said they have to shutdown the government until its thrown out."  Seriously.  Where do they even get this shit?At some point you have to say, "you all failed, your all fired".  Then hold new elections.The Dems need to realize that there is no negotiating and any aquesce will only encourage this action in the future.  They need to call the bluff and make the nut jobs own up to the ramifications of their actions.  If they stonewall for too long, march in there and get new asses in the chairs, for the good of the nation.Let them lock down the nation.  Let it last a month or two.  Then let the National Guard march in and throw the whole lot in Jail and hold new elections. People tend to not care too much about what might happen in 20-30 years, compared to burning to death tomorrow night.I'm convinced that in Orlando there is a racket in place where people have the shipping schedule and are just emptying the store 5 minutes after it opens.  One clerk told me the ONLY shipment of gold they had was gone in 15 minutes.But I liked being alone.  It was scary at first but Dad stayed with me for the first month or two, but the two hour commute was too much.  Over time he stayed less and less, till it was every other weekend.  It wasn't long after that that grandma moved in.  All told it couldn't have been 6 months total since I moved there, only 3-4 months by myself.  And I had phone and friends.Also at that point I had a real issue with strangers and wanted no physical contact at all.  I finally being alone and safe by myself was a real happy thing for me.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but