 16 Apr 2013 - We Shall Overcome: Why The Events in Boston Will Make America Stronger 15 Apr 2013 - Two Confirmed Dead During One Of Our Nations Largest Sporting EventsAlicia Lewis: I just received my BA in Political Science and will be entering into the Masters of Public Administration this Fall. I grew up in both Stanislaus and Merced County. I have always been interested in politics and involved within my local community. However, this experience has shown me the large amount of time and energy necessary to fully participate in this field. Not to mention it has demonstrated the dark under belly of politics such as the hate mail and public scrutiny. This entire experience while discouraging and frustrating at first has actually strengthened my commitment to enter into the political world. I have seen firsthand how the actions of a few college students can turn into an international talking point and that it is possible to get your message out.Alicia Lewis: A little background explanation: After it was publicized that our school had invited Sarah Palin to speak at our 50th anniversary gala there was a California Public Records Request for any information regarding expenditures related to the event. Our school denied having any documents citing the schools Foundation was separate from the University itself and not subject to disclosure laws. Several emails surfaced demonstrating that the school was not being truthful.Ashli Briggs (other student who went public) received a tip that documents were being destroyed from a reliable source. It was said that documents were being destroyed in the administration building. This was a red flag to those of us Ashli informed because we knew the college was supposed to be closed that day. Myself and several other students went down to the campus and noticed that only the admin parking lot had cars and there seemed to be activity taking place in the locked/closed building. We waited and watched for a while, noting that garbage was being taken out to the different dumpsters. Out of intuition/curiosity/boredom we opened the bins. One was filled with whole intact documents and a bag of shredded paperwork. We saw the headers were all from the University financial services and thought it was odd they were cleaning out offices on a closed campus day so we took the documents. Not knowing what we would end up finding. After looking through the stacks of paperwork we found pages 4-9 of what appeared to be the Palin contract. It was mixed with all University paperwork and in our opinion demonstrated that our school did violate the CA Public Records Request.Alicia Lewis: At the time we found the documents our intention was to find out what the heck was going on a closed campus day. All we knew was that our campus administration has been under constant criticism for decisions and actions it has made in recent years plus we had a tip from an alarmed source making us even more concerned that something fishy was taking place. We did not know it would lead us in the direction of anything concerning Sarah Palin. When I heard what Palin said about those that found the documents I was immediately furious. I know both myself and Ashli Briggs have consistently stated that this was an issue about transparency and have advocated that changes be made in the CSU system regarding how donor money is handled. I always made a point to not make a criticism about Palin because I knew it would undermine the argument we were making and would only add to the political divide already taking place in our community. So to hear Palin making such a bold statement was a demonstration that her only goal is to create a wide political divide. I disagree with her characterization about me entirely, she obviously did not look into or comprehend what was being said and should maybe try thinking before speaking.Alicia Lewis: Prior to this debacle I was fairly familiar with Sarah Palin (due to her VP run) and had read about the various accusations regarding misconduct and abuse of power while governor of Alaska. I had seen her interviews and heard her speeches so my view of her was already very low. The idea of her being President is terrifying. She is narrow minded and has emphasized the agenda that (she) wishes to push on the country as a whole. I think she would handle presidential power poorly because she has already shown a disdain for higher learning belittling the experts that tend to advise presidents. Whom would she be relying on for knowledge on specific issues? Todd?Sarah Jones: Do you consider what Palin said about you irresponsible? Were there consequences for you, in terms of challenges or obstacles you had to overcome due to her decision to point fingers at you during a national speech?Sarah Jones: Talk a bit about how this experience has changed you. Are you more or less engaged in politics now? Do you see our political landscape differently than you did before? I was already skeptical about our political landscape but now I have seen how divided we have made ourselves and I believe very unnecessarily. When talking with people about the transparency issue I saw that with good conversation and explanation those from all over the political spectrum can agree on issues. We just have to get past the political mouthpieces that are going around the country spewing misinformation.Sarah Jones: Have you spoken with Senator Yee about this situation? He was threatened by Palin fans after he attempted to get to the bottom of the transparency issue, is this something you are concerned about now? Alicia Lewis: I wish that people understood that this was never about Palin, that we as students have legitimate concerns about how our school system operates in California and are completely determined to make changes. We have had academic programs and budgets cut, our tuition increased, and faculty being laid off. Constantly being told that we all need to be fiscally responsible yet the college Foundations which are responsible for 1 billion dollars of donor money throughout the state are not given any oversight and have had scandals leak out of blatant financial waste and irresponsibility. While our intention was not to go after Palin it did show a side of her that I think people should recognize as unhealthy for our country and ignoring this insight would be irresponsible. We need to stop with dividing ourselves over every issue; there is a lot that we can agree on. We have allowed political mouthpieces to speak and think for us and this has left much of the country dependent on their favorite TV personality to formulate their opinion. State Senator Yee (D-Ca) gave a press conference today regarding Shredder Gate, the controversial Pali ...Next Up 2012 As Sarah Palin's Alaska Is Not Renewed by TLCIt is being reported today that TLC has decided not to renew Sarah Palin's Alaska for a second ...Sarah Palin's 2012 Hopes Go Up In Smoke After She Endorses MarijuanaReal former governor Mike Huckabee (R-AK) took the gloves off when he showed a clip of half-ter ...Late Night Snack: A Trip Back In Time With JFK and RFKFor your late night treat tonight we are offering a look back at two classic campaign ads fr ...How Sarah Palin Lost the Senate for the RepublicansThe finger pointing has already begun in the Republican Party due to their failure to win th ...By Blogsdna39 Responses to Alicia Lewis: Victim of the Sarah Palin Attack Machine Speaks Out I had no idea that this dumpster diving issue was tied in with the issue of how the college handles the money. I do remember reading about Sen. Yee and the transparency issues. as far as that goes I think all colleges could do with some investigating. Especially where state money is concerned.Read for content. The students went to the school to see if what they had heard about documents being shredded was true. They saw the school buildings occupied when they were supposed to be closed. They waited to see what would happen and noticed trash being tossed. They went and got it. They had no idea anything concerning the Palin was even in that bunch of trash until they found the few pages of her contract.The university has a history of not being transparent. They started cutting back scholarships. Teachers were laid off. STUDENTS WHO WERE MAJORING IN POLITICAL SCIENCE decided to hold them accountable. During the course of keeping an eye on them, they found these documents whichPlease contact me here via the Politicususa@gmail.com account if you have any questions.Good interview, Ms. Jones. Ms. Lewis, your integrity and intelligence come shining through. I wish you a great future, and look forward to seeing more of you in politics. We need more people who can concentrate on the issues and work cooperatively toward solutions. Will the money raised go to scholarships as has been said, if so, do you know what portion of it? If not, where will the money be used?Interesting to see a photo of Ms. Palin in front of a sign reading Vox Veritas Vita. Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No ImmigrationHouse Republicans Praise Exxon for Arkansas Oil Spill That Taxpayers are Cleaning UpAfter Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas