['Who are the victims of the Boston Marathon bombings? Details about the dead and wounded are still emerging.', 'The number of people treated in hospital has steadily climbed, with authorities on Tuesday saying more than 170 were hurt. ', 'Most of the damage was inflicted on spectators crowded near the finish line, rather than on runners. ', 'Martin Richard was standing with his family, cheering the runners as they completed the race. The prime position near the finish line put him in the path of one of the bombs. ', 'Martin, eight, was the first person killed in the attacks to be publicly named. He was described as "kind, caring and loving" by staff at his former school. ', 'His younger sister Jane, six, suffered a serious injury to her leg, while his mother, Denise, sustained a head injury and required emergency surgery. In an emailed statement, Martin\'s father, Bill, wrote: "My dear son Martin has died from injuries sustained in the attack on Boston. My wife and daughter are both recovering from serious injuries. We thank our family and friends, those we know and those we have never met, for their thoughts and prayers."', 'The 29-year old Medford, Massachusetts woman was cheering from the sidelines as her boyfriend ran, according to Yahoo News. Her mother, Patty, shaking with emotion, told reporters: "You couldn\'t ask for a better daughter...I can\'t believe this has happened. She was such a hard worker in everything she did."', 'Krystle Campbell whose mother said her daughter was "the best you could wish for"', ' Her Facebook page lists her as a fan of the Boston\'s Fenway Park and television programme True Blood. "My daughter was the most lovable girl," her father told Yahoo. "She helped everybody, and I\'m just so shocked right now." ', ' The third fatal casualty of the bomb blasts was Chinese graduate student Lu Lingzi, according to officials at the Chinese consulate in New York. ', 'Old friends and Chinese state media said she was from the north-eastern city of Shenyang and is believed to have previously studied in Beijing.', 'She had been studying at Boston University and was an eager cook who liked to blog about her meals and share new recipes.', "Boston University's website said she was one of three friends who watched the race near the finishing line.", 'One of her friends, named as Zhou Danling by Chinese TV, was wounded.  A statement from the university said: "Our hearts and thoughts go out to the family and friends of both victims."', "Live coverage of the developing events in Watertown, Massachusetts, where police have captured a man they say is the second suspect wanted for this week's Boston bombings.", 'The moment of the first of two explosions at the Boston Marathon was captured by television crews covering the event.', 'The teenage suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings has been arrested after being found hiding in a boat in a backyard of a suburb, police say.', 'Is capturing atmospheric carbon the most important thing we can do to save our planet? ']