['Mr. Cornyn visited the site of the West Fertilizer Co., where fire broke out about 6 p.m. Wednesday then mushroomed into a devastating blast about two hours later, spreading deadly flames and debris. He was joined by Sen. Ted Cruz and Rep. Roger Williams, both Texas Republicans, who made a public offering of their condolences and support.', 'Mr. Cornyn recognized the first responders, several of whom are believed to have been killed in the blast.', 'So far, more than 50 buildings, including many nearby homes and three schools, have been destroyed. Jason Reyes, a spokesman with the Texas Department of Public Safety, said earlier Friday that the search and rescue mission continues with at least 25 homes left to search.', 'The bodies of the deceased were sent to a Dallas forensics lab. A total of about 200 people have been injured.', 'West, a town of 2,800 just off I-35, is known in central Texas as a good place to pull off the highway for Czech pastries. Residents spent Thursday coming to grips with the landscape of flattened homes and diminishing hopes that friends and neighbors would be found alive.', 'The explosion damaged a sizable portion of a town with a Czech heritage that stretches back generations.', 'The Texas incident began with a fire at the West Fertilizer Co., a small, privately owned plant on the edge of town, at around 6 p.m. Wednesday. Volunteer firefighters tried to extinguish the blaze. About two hours later, an explosion ripped through the plant, sending a column of smoke hundreds of feet into the air and damaging buildings in a five-block radius.', 'The slender town of West stretches only 20 blocks or so along the interstate. At its widest spot, it is about 10 blocks across.', 'The worst ever industrial accident in the U.S. was also caused by an explosion of ammonium nitrate, as was possibly the case here, and also took place in Texas. In that blast, in 1947, some 581 people died aboard a ship docked near Texas City.', 'Among those killed was Captain Kenny Harris of the Dallas Fire-Rescue service. He lived in West and was trying to lend a hand at the time of the explosion, the service said.', 'Mr. Harris was about to retire, Mr. Garland said, and had bought a boat on which he had planned to spend a lot of time.', 'Other confirmed dead included five West volunteer firefighters and four volunteer emergency medical technicians, according to the mayor.', 'The former cotton-farming community has come through hard times before, but nothing like this, residents said. The community drew Czech immigrants, who kept their heritage alive through the generations with an annual festival and a bakery that specializes in traditional pastries. On Thursday, the Czech ambassador to the U.S. was on his way to West to offer support.', 'For decades, the fertilizer plant in West has been a local fixture. As the town grew, homes and schools were built in closer proximity. A park is right across the street.', 'Donald Adair, owner of the fertilizer plant, issued a statement Friday afternoon expressing grief at the loss of life and pledging to cooperate with investigators.']