['   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     More of Living :   Health     Homes     Food     Horoscopes     Comics     Living Pics     Fashion Pics     Blogs       Photos     Video    Autos    ', "\tPeople wait inside the main lobby of Brigham and Women's Hospital in Boston. Staffers say they've treated several survivors of Monday's marathon bombing for ear trauma and hearing loss.", '\tBoston area hospitals have treated scores of patients for ear injuries and hearing damage in the wake of the bombing at the Boston Marathon, and medical experts worry that more cases could be on the way.', "\tThe massive blasts near the iconic race's finish line on Monday caused ear drum punctures, ear drum tears and nerve damage in runners and fans more than 100 feet away, hospital staffers and experts told The Boston Globe.", "\tTufts Medical Center, Brigham and Women's Hospital and Massachusetts Eye and Ear Infirmary all treated blast survivors for ear trauma, the Globe said.", '\tDr. Eric Smouha, an Associate Professor of Otolaryngology at Mount Sinai, told the Daily News that anyone still experiencing hearing loss or ringing in their ears should see a doctor immediately.', '\t"You\'re dealing with a huge blast. It\'s not like you got slapped in the ear or a wave hit you. The energy and the sound level are huge," Smouha said.', '\t"It depends how close or far away you are form the explosion, but in this kind of setting, the stakes are higher."', '\tIn instances of a brief, loud blast, the movement and pressure of air waves can tear the ear drum or cause damage to the hair cells in the cochlea that receive sound.', '\tA ruptured ear drum can heal itself -- unless the edges of the tear have been scorched by heat or tiny embers, Smouha said -- or be reconstructed surgically.', '\tAcoustic damage, or nerve damage, usually leads to hearing loss in the higher frequencies.', '\t"An ear drum injury is fixable. A lot of those will heal on their own," Smouha said. "With the cochlea, there is nothing you can do. We give steroids, but it has to heal itself. Some hearing damage will be reversible and some will not."', '\tAccording to Mass. Eye and Ear\'s website, anyone with blood or fluid leaking from their ear or "facial drooping or weakness" should also see a doctor as soon as possible.']