['For some reason you keep telling me what Buddhism and Nirvana are "about", but it\'s what they are that would even be relevant here.', 'You keep using the word "philosopher" like it\'s only some sort of official title one takes on, the phrase "philosophical assertion" like it only means something officially asserted by an official philosopher, and the word "philosophy" like it only means the official model of an official philosopher when these aren\'t even their primary definitions.', 'Buddhism of all types deal heavily with reality, the nature of existence and morality. For nirvana to even exist there would be major philosophical implications. The word "philosophical" seems obviously applicable here. ', 'And it\'s not "my" definition. The one in particular I was referencing was Wikipedia\'s, but all the major dictionaries have pretty similar ones. And yeah of course it\'s "rather broad". Between it and the word "science" you pretty much have every possible human concept and field of study covered. No it\'s not meaningless, it\'s meaning is just broad.', "I just... I'm so confused about how you're so confused. I can't do this anymore.", 'Have never played a costco piano, or yours, but I have to say considering most of the pianos at an actual piano store sound really meh I feel suspicious about this whole costco piano thing.', "I'm merely using it to mean things relating to the fundamentals of reality, the nature of existence, morality, et cetera.", 'For example, I\'m not sure exactly what you mean by " nirvana isn\'t a philosophical assertion or position", but if nirvana is supposed to be a higher level of reality of existence as I think, then it as a topic would definitely fall within the realm of philosophy, and if someone believed in nirvana that would be a philosophical belief. As such Buddha would fall under the definition of a philosopher for considering and proclaiming nirvana.', "I wouldn't have really thought of this as a matter to be debated. Maybe this is a case of a misunderstanding of the definition of words?", "Maybe I should've said something like homicidally racist or unrepentant pedophile.", "I think this one addresses this argument better: if an apple is rotten then magically becomes good, is it a better apple than an apple that was always good? No, they're both good apples now. You wouldn't be able to tell the difference between them if you ate them both.", "That's what really makes the original quote sort of silly. For the example used to even be possible we have to assume a definition of good that is independent of effort. Then we're asked if effort matters.", 'we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but']