Ask about medication side effects without first consulting your doctor or pharmacistDo not hesitate to message the moderators. We want to hear feedback both good and bad!new to texas, need to find pharmacy that has out of state prescription plan filed with department of public safety so I can stay with my doctor. I recently relocated to texas from colorado. I've been working with the same doctor for the past 4 years.  I take adderall 10mg once a day. Anyways, I can't fill the prescription from my doctor in colorado unless the pharmacy has filled a plan for filling out of state prescriptions with the DPS. I know a few of these pharmacies exist, I've spent hours calling and searching, but I keep getting stone walled. Does anyone from texas know of these pharmacies, or how I could find them? I also tried calling and emailing the DPS, but that could take a while. I know I could just go off my meds, but these have really helped me and I use them responsibly. I went from college drop out to productive graduate with a well paying job, through the help of my medication and doctor's therapy and hard work. I'd like to not have to change what has been working so well for me, if at all possible (seeing a different doctor etc.)Also why can't you find a new psychiatrist locally? You could get your old doctor to transfer all your records so you won't have to get diagnosed again, and so you can go in for appointments for refills and if you ever need to adjust the dosage or something? My current psychiatrist (in garland if your in the area) diagnosed me quite easily and I just go in every 3 months for refills, it's not much of a hassle, and may be worth t if you can't find a pharmacy that will take out of state scripts. Thank you very much for both the reply and the pharmacy suggestion, I will call tomorrow. Appreciate it mate.And I could PM you my psychiatrists website if you really wanted, but I would recommend calling around to local psychiatrists and maybe asking if you could forgo the testing and whatever other hoops you usually have to jump throgh normally, if you have your current psychiatrist send over your records or whatever they need, again, only if you can't find a pharmacy that will help you, hopefully you can. Good luck!It's probably easier to find a new doctor and have your old doctor mail your stuff to Texas. I have a prescription, take it responsibly, have worked with the same doctor twice a month for the past 4 years to help manage my ADHD and depression that I've struggled with since I was little. I'm not sorry that I want to continue a treatment that has helped me significantly, and part of that is getting my medication and trying to stay with the same doctor. Have an upvote anyways. we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but