Start here with the list of all the finalists and winners of the 2005-2013 Fried Food contests. Pick a few items that sound awesome to you, most of the winners are still sold year-to-year. The program guide has a map to the stands selling this year's finalists.Past favorites of mine that I would get again: Hans Kraut Ball, Fernie's Deep Fried Peaches & Cream, Donkey TailsEveryone will tell you how good Fletcher's Corny Dogs are. However, if you did not grow up around here, it probably not taste like you expect a corn dog to (could be a good thing or a bad thing). Fletcher's batter is not sweet and is a little grainy, like traditional cornbread is. If you have to have a corn dog and you want a traditional Midwestern sweet batter, there's a stand to the right of Big Tex that sells excellent footlong corn dogs.What do you like to do and what is your budget? I've never been to the Minnesota State Fair but I went to the Iowa State Fair almost every year growing up.As you walk around, take time to appreciate the exquisite Art Deco architecture of Fair Park, decorated with statues and murals. Most of the buildings were built for the 1936 Texas Centennial Exposition. The Texas State Fair started in 1886.The Chinese Lantern festival was awesome last year. They only accept State Fair tickets for payment. Last year it was cheaper before 5pm but you couldn't leave/reenter. This year you can leave/reenter but I don't know about timing discounts.If you like cars or are shopping for one, the Auto Show is huge. It's in the two buildings on either side of the Esplanade (large rectangle pool). I usually don't bother unless I need an A/C break or its raining.I recommend walking into the Hall of State for a few minutes. They're having an exhibit on Big Tex this year but the hall itself is beautiful inside.Then amble over to Big Tex's plaza, take your picture with him and wait for him to say something. He burned last year so this year is a new mold with a deeper tan. If you find him creepy, you're not alone, but keep it to yourself. He's an 50+ year icon of the fair.You can get your butter sculpture fix at the Creative Arts Pavilion, as well as see all the beautiful craft blue ribbon winners. I usually have a friend or two displaying so it's a never-miss for me. Then pop across the road to the Food & Fiber pavilion for a few samples, see Elsie the Borden cow (the $1 milk is a Fair bargain) and you can buy Texas-made food products in the middle. Make sure you get a Dublin/non-corn syrup Dr Pepper.Most of the Midway consists of fair rides and carnie games. The Fair Park exclusives are the Log Flume (tame), Texas Star (expensive, can be long wait, worth riding once), the Skyway (expensive), and the (new this year) Top of Texas Tower. I might do the Tower this year. At night, unless you don't care about standing for long periods of time or not having a front seat, choose between the parade (7:15pm) and the Illumination Sensation (8pm). I personally prefer the Illumination Sensation, which is patriotic music videos with fireworks and flamethrower accompaniment. The parade is an electrical parade. Once its over, there's a big rush to Illumination.Do you like shopping? Corporate exhibits giving away freebies? Flea market and sold-on-TV stuff? Animals? Taking kids with you? I can recommend more stuff based on your interests...Oh make sure you don't miss the food court in the Embarcadero. Last year I bought a plate of Texas Twisters (fried spiral cut potatoes with cheese) as large as my head.And I found this list of new foods at the fair this year. There's a couple of things on there I must try!If you're headed to the Fair this weekend, you've got to check out the USAF flight simulator! The simulator lets you experience an Air Force mission from a first person perspective, including an F-22 interceptor mission and a Special Forces mission. Check it out near the foot of the Top o' Texas Tower. Here 'till Sunday.Sometimes you'll have to sit through a short presentation or walk through an area. In the past we've found freebies from from free toothpaste samples (Sensodyne) to a free beard trim (Braun?). Last year (or the year before) there was a cool Lego area for the kids. Sometimes the auto show vendors have freebies, but its usually brand swag like reusable bags.Cable TV makes a deep fried fair cooking competition show (Deep Fried Masters) and where do they find 2 out of the 3 judges? Texas guys Abel Gonzales and Butch Benavides!Besides the Iowa State Fair's gimmick is the stick. They had over 60 foods sold on a stick this year.But hey it's your fair, you enjoy your gluten free salad and I'll eat something fried I probably wouldn't eat the other 363 days of the year...we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but