Oh, and we actually have 2-3 times as much transportation debt as is in the rainy day fund:http://www.star-telegram.com/2013/07/01/4976482/lawmakers-consider-higher-sales.htmlThe last two budgets have everything to do with an abstract notion that we should "hold the line" on spending and an ironclad commitment not to raise taxes. We're only tapping the fund now because 1) big business is freaking out about our water infrastructure and roads; and 2) the rainy day fund was actually going to get larger than it was allowed to be under law. Really, you need to be much more cynical about Texas government. We have a ton of debt. Financial decisions are made due to political pressure. The Rainy Day Fund's size has everything to do with politics and the fact that you need a 2/3 vote to tap it. Very little of this had anything to do with sound policy.Edit:* Really, downvotes? I don't think I said anything controversial here. The public record is very clear that Perry wanted the feds to pick up the tab for west: http://blog.chron.com/txpotomac/2013/06/rick-perry-urges-obama-to-fork-over-federal-funds-for-fire-ravaged-west/And our Republican Comptroller herself has said that, while a rainy day fund balance should be taken into account among other things, rating agencies do not look at specific amount or even have an articulated policy on such funds. The fact that we have about $10 billion more in transportation debt than we have in the rainy day fund should tell you that our credit rating depends far more on our ability to pay service on our debt, which is based on our taxable base vs. how much we tax it, than outright debt or savings. Facts are good! Myths are bad! I'm not making any arguments about what we should do, just about what is. This shouldn't be controversial.Pretty soon we will have to deal with that transportation debt, though. The bill is coming due and our gas tax doesn't raise much anymore since it's a set amount per gallon, not a percentage of sales. We need more money to pay off that $18 billion in debt and to finance roads for our booming population. I'd bet it takes another four years before we're willing to face the music, though. No one wants to face a Republican primary having voted to raise taxes, no matter how much we needed them. It will take big business promising the Republican leaders that they will have their back in the primary against the Tea Partiers.It's just the way things are. None of this really has much to do with what I think should happen.That seems to say that we are the second best at teaching hispanics mathematics and that we are tied for best state at teaching whites. At least in 2011 and on that metric. We are in the ten for both ethnicities(is this not a word?) in science too. Both at 8th grade level.I feel like unless you are comparing us to California you need to take ethnicity into account, since we are a plurality in that regard, and most education metrics don't favor people who are not non-Hispanic whites.Edit: I looked for a chart for SAT scores by subject, race, and state, but couldn't find one. If you know of one I'd love to see it.I'm going to say it is more complex than just our education system, and I'd compare us to California or any other Southwestern state before I'd look at the rest.Where we allow oil companies to tear up the roads without paying for the damage, and can't pay for the repairs because TXDOT doesn't have the funding to do it?If Obama gave me a tax break because I'm liberal I bet you'd be pretty pissed off about that, because we have an idea that no one should get special treatment in taxes unless there's a good, articulable reason. The high cost gas exemption was started for a legitimate reason. It was quietly made permanent for no reason at all. Really, unless you work for a natural gas company, you should also be pissed about this. Because if they didn't get that tax break, we'd be pulling in about $1 billion more and your taxes could be lower and/or we could start paying off the $18 billion in transportation debt  held by the state government.when a special class of people or companies get a tax rate or break that no one else gets, and that further this tax break in no way services the original purpose of that tax break and is instead due to political influence, yes, I think that's propping up an industry.I'll agree with you there.  Everyone should have their money stolen from them by the government at the same rate.  So if they're paying less, shame on them and equitably make it the same rate that everyone pays.This comment made me puke in my mouth. You could say the exact same about any industry supporting Republicans. Except these industries/interests aren't directly supported by taxpayer money. You're slacking, vee vee They are shit heads too.  You're making a logical fallacy by thinking I'm defending this person's opponent by attacking her.  I happily point out Republican hypocrisy as well.I think you're offended because someone attacked your team.  The fact that you think your team has to win and therefore you give them a pass means you're part of the problem.The astonishing thing about this is that even though democrats can smell a rat a mile downwind when evil corporations receive preferential treatment from the government, they seem utterly incapable of accepting that unions and certain favored nonprofits like Planned Parenthood could ever be the beneficiaries of cronyism.Take that up with your teachers and the legislators which write laws that hamstring them.  More money won't fix that problem.Even if Wendy wins, she'd still have to get taxes past two Republican houses of the legislature. I don't think your argument against electing her is much of a hazard.My point is that Wendy Davis is a thieving thundercunt and shouldn't be hailed as a demigod.  First of all, I'd argue that it was more like closing a loophole of what should have been a tax, than imposing a new one. You can argue otherwise, I know. Secondly, "don't tax the consumers, tax the business"? In case you weren't aware, that would have the effect of simply driving up the cost of the good by the new tax, plain and simple. Nothing else to it. Finally, however, this would have the effect of increasing the price of all of that good sold, not just the good on Amazon. You'd be further deterring people from shopping in brick and mortar stores. Many people, such as the elderly, don't care to shop on amazon, or even know how. Hell, my grandmother doesn't even have a computer or internet access. Why should she pay more?  Surely, you'll agree that most people don't pay enough attention to the news to know the background and to them it's a new tax they didn't have to pay before.Stop hiding behind your inaccurate euphemisms and call it what it is: killing defenseless human beings.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but