EDIT: From KHOU: West EMS Director tells KWTX-TV as many as 60 or 70 people dead, hundreds injured in fertilizer plant explosion.11:15 p.m.: West Mayor Tommy Muska said at a news conference that he doesn't yet know how many people were hurt or killed in the blast explosion.From AP: West Mayor Tommy Muska says there were five or six volunteer firefighters battling the blaze at the West Fertilizer plant when the explosion happened just before 8 p.m. Wednesday.1:10 a.m.: There are 172 people confirmed hospitalized with 23 more people en route/to be admitted.  At least 24 people are in critical condition and at 38-40 people are in serious condition.3:42 a.m.: Sgt. William Patrick Swanton of the Waco Police Department estimates 5 to 15 people dead so far. The city's emergency management system director, said it could spike to 60 or 70. "We have two EMS personnel that are dead for sure, and there may be three firefighters that are dead," Smith said." - Yahoo News, CNNPlease follow the Live Update Thread for more information. I will not be able to update this post throughout the day. EDIT 3: TheEarthquakeGuy provides a general summary, including numbers and donation centers in the /r/worldnews thread. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people.The blast at the plant in West, a community north of Waco, happened shortly before 8 p.m. and could be heard as far away as Waxahachie, 45 miles to the north.Several fires continued to burn in West two hours after the blast. In aerial footage from Dallas' NBC affiliate, WDFW, dozens of emergency vehicles could be seen amassed at the scene. Entry into West was slow-going, as the roads were jammed with emergency vehicles rushing in to help out.Authorities set up a staging area on the local high school's football field, which was lit up with floodlights. Ambulances and several dozen injured people could be seen being taken away or seated in wheelchairs as they are treated and await transport.Department of Public Safety troopers were using their squad cars to transport those injured by the blast and fire at the plant in West, a community north of Waco, Gayle Scarbrough, a spokeswoman for the department's Waco office, told television station KWTX. She said six helicopters were also en route to help out.The explosion at West Fertilizer was reported shortly before 8 p.m. in a frantic call from the scene, KWTX reported.A West Fire Department dispatcher told The Associated Press that any casualties would be transported to hospitals in Waco, which is about 90 miles north of Austin.The explosion knocked out power to many area customers and could be heard and felt for miles around.Brad Smith, who lives 45 miles north of West in Waxahachie, told the station that he and his wife heard what sounded like a thunderclap.Lydia Zimmerman, told KWTX that she, her husband and daughter were in their garden in Bynum, 13 miles from West, when they heard multiple blasts.Authorities say an explosion at a fertilizer plant near Waco, Texas, has injured several people.A source tells Cox Media Group National News that there are more than 100 victims and that local hospitals are having to send patients to trauma centers in other cities. The source says most of the town has been evacuated. People walking out of a restaurant more than 2 miles away said they were blown back and knocked down by the force of the blast. Windows were knocked out in houses five miles away from the blast.A dispatcher with the West, Texas, Fire Department says the explosion happened Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant in the community north of Waco. Gayle Scarbrough, a spokeswoman for the Department of Public Safety in Waco, told television station KWTX that DPS troopers have been transporting the injured to hospitals in their patrol cars. She says six helicopters were also en route.KWTX reports that the explosion at West Fertilizer was reported at around 7:50 p.m. in a frantic call from the scene.We just need to hope that everyone that watches Community now, follows the show to Fridays. So as previously stated, if everyone just follows Community to Friday nights, the show could shine against its competition and as a result have better chances for a back 9 orderFigure it's worth a read for everyone who's skeptical of his parenting skills. Looks like his daughter didn't flip shit after all.we use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but