No politics. Political videos (including ones related to current political figures) should be submitted to r/politics, r/worldpolitics, etc.No personal information such as names, Facebook pages, phone numbers, addresses, etc. This is grounds for an immediate (and likely permanent) ban, so consider this a warning.No witch-hunting or incitement to witch hunt. This means no demanding "Reddit justice" in any way in post titles or comments.No police brutality/violence videos. Consider posting to a different subreddit, like /r/Bad_Cop_No_Donut or elsewhere.If your submission does not appear in the new queue, please contact us (be sure to include a link to the Reddit post (i.e. comments section), not the content you are linking). Simply deleting your post may cause the spam filter to catch future ones.Also, please contact us regarding spam, political or any other inappropriate videos, as this helps us remove them more quickly!Missed the best of Reddit yesterday? Catch the daily recap and best links at /r/tldrEDIT: From KHOU: West EMS Director tells KWTX-TV as many as 60 or 70 people dead, hundreds injured in fertilizer plant explosion.11:15 p.m.: West Mayor Tommy Muska said at a news conference that he doesn't yet know how many people were hurt or killed in the blast explosion.From AP: West Mayor Tommy Muska says there were five or six volunteer firefighters battling the blaze at the West Fertilizer plant when the explosion happened just before 8 p.m. Wednesday.1:10 a.m.: There are 172 people confirmed hospitalized with 23 more people en route/to be admitted.  At least 24 people are in critical condition and at 38-40 people are in serious condition.3:42 a.m.: Sgt. William Patrick Swanton of the Waco Police Department estimates 5 to 15 people dead so far. The city's emergency management system director, said it could spike to 60 or 70. "We have two EMS personnel that are dead for sure, and there may be three firefighters that are dead," Smith said." - Yahoo News, CNNPlease follow the Live Update Thread for more information. I will not be able to update this post throughout the day. EDIT 3: TheEarthquakeGuy provides a general summary, including numbers and donation centers in the /r/worldnews thread. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people.The blast at the plant in West, a community north of Waco, happened shortly before 8 p.m. and could be heard as far away as Waxahachie, 45 miles to the north.Several fires continued to burn in West two hours after the blast. In aerial footage from Dallas' NBC affiliate, WDFW, dozens of emergency vehicles could be seen amassed at the scene. Entry into West was slow-going, as the roads were jammed with emergency vehicles rushing in to help out.Authorities set up a staging area on the local high school's football field, which was lit up with floodlights. Ambulances and several dozen injured people could be seen being taken away or seated in wheelchairs as they are treated and await transport.Department of Public Safety troopers were using their squad cars to transport those injured by the blast and fire at the plant in West, a community north of Waco, Gayle Scarbrough, a spokeswoman for the department's Waco office, told television station KWTX. She said six helicopters were also en route to help out.The explosion at West Fertilizer was reported shortly before 8 p.m. in a frantic call from the scene, KWTX reported.A West Fire Department dispatcher told The Associated Press that any casualties would be transported to hospitals in Waco, which is about 90 miles north of Austin.The explosion knocked out power to many area customers and could be heard and felt for miles around.Brad Smith, who lives 45 miles north of West in Waxahachie, told the station that he and his wife heard what sounded like a thunderclap.Lydia Zimmerman, told KWTX that she, her husband and daughter were in their garden in Bynum, 13 miles from West, when they heard multiple blasts.Totally kidding, I sincerely hope nobody close to you was involved in the accident. This is a horrible tragedy.According to /u/TheCynicalIdealist's comment here, the remnants of the chemicals are extremely toxic and dangerous. Good luck!Edit: Was he hundreds of yards away from the fire he was fighting?  Idk much about firefighting.    People walking out of a restaurant more than 2 miles away said they were blown back and knocked down by the force of the blast.What does this mean for the people in the video? Would they have been legitimately injured by the blast? Or was it just temporary hearing loss?edit: update - thankfully it appears no perforated drums for either as an individual mentioned the child was on the today showI can't imagine being near a blast like this and potentially having both ears impacted by it.  I'm dizzy just thinking about it.The first time was during diving training when my BCV had a bad fill valve that stuck open and I shot from two atmospheres of pressure to less than one (was well above sea-level) very rapidly. Immediate rupture of the right eardrum. My hearing was always a little off and the ear didn't clear well after that. Sometimes stuff sounded like the adults in Peanuts. Wah wah wah wah wahhh.The second time was fairly recently when I got a really nasty ear infection, the antibiotics didn't help, and the eardrum wound up rupturing due to fluid buildup. It was so incredibly loud and sudden. It startled the shit out of me. I saw a doctor a couple hours later when their office opened, they saw that it was ruptured, they took a culture and sent me on my way with cephalexin. I had to go to Maryland (3000 miles away) a few days later and they wound up calling my home phone (against my specific instructions to call my cell) and leaving a message that I actually had a very bad staph infection and that they were prescribing Cipro immediately. I didn't get that message for over a week. Thankfully it cleared up. I don't like the idea of stuff in my body going septic.Oddly enough, after the second rupture healed (took about 6 weeks), my hearing is better than it was before the first one with tests to confirm, and it clears much easier.I don't pray, but my thoughts are with everyone who's lives were torn apart tonight. I hate talking to people because I constantly keep asking "what"? Or the equivalent and it annoys the shit out of people. Most think I'm ignoring them when I don't respond. I constantly have to sniff to regulate the pressure in my ears so it doesn't hurt all the time. People must think I'm a huge coke addict, but it is a habit that I don't even realize I do it anymore. Others contribute it to allergies and don't say anything. Totally tone deaf too. Karaoke night sucks so I just blame it on the a a a a alcohol.When sound enters your ear, it acts on your ear drum and causes it to vibrate.  Your ear drum is connected to a chain of three bones in you middle ear.  When your ear drum moves, it moves the bones as well, which act on the cochlea, which is the organ that translates pressure waves into electrical signals to be sent to your brain.Some of the bones have muscles attached to them, and when the muscles are engaged it prevents the bones from moving freely.  When this happens, less energy is transferred from the motion of the ear drum to the cochlea, which protects the delicate hair cells in the cochlea.  These muscles are engaged when we hear a very loud sound, especially if it's a loud sound over a period of time.  This is why if you've ever been to a loud concert, after you return home it's hard to hear for a while.  Those muscles are engaged to protect your hearing.However, your brain needs time to react to the level of sound around you and determine if it should engage the muscles or not.  When a very loud, very short sound occurs like what happened in the explosion, your brain does not have enough time to engage the muscles.  By the time it detects the wave the damage has already been done.  The little girl is more susceptible than her father to damage.  My guess would be if they do not have permanent hearing loss they will at least have tinnitus (ringing in the ears). They'd have probably been fine either way, however, as it looks like they were a decent ways off (relatively)The primary danger in explosions is shrapnel, followed by the pressure wave. The people two miles away might well have been knocked down, but a big boom followed by a small pressure wave is probably quite shocking and if you weren't expecting it even a small push can knock you down.The problem is that you can be far enough away that the blast alone isn't enough to kill but you could be thrown into something or be hit by breaking glass or shrapnel and die from those injuries.Edit : As of right now. We are waiting till the sun comes up, to better assess damage.Really restored my faith in monkeys, which I had no good reason to doubt to begin with. send firefighters into , but a factory that could possibly explode is sure as shit one of them. Someones ass is gonna be on the line for negligence. Edit: Firefighters are some of the bravest people on the planet and should be commended. But the visibility within that building was most likely zero and no one should have been within a 1/4 of a mile of it. I find it hard to believe that the normal safety and storage protocol for a fertilizer plant would allow for this to happen in the event of a fire... especially if they legally can have the plant inside of a damn town.Fire departments, at least here in Ontario, will develop strong relationships with large hazardous plants and will conduct frequent visits to establish points of acess and areas where fire fighting equipment needs to be set up. They have regular annual, or even quarterly drills at these plants and coordinate with plant staff their emergency response. In cases of fire, their priority is establishing containment zones and provide cooling for large vessels containing flammable liquids of pressurized gasses. Cooling will hopefully prevent the fire from heating the vessels, over pressurizing, and releasing their conents in an explosion. Once the contents are released, you will have a secondary explosion, which is the vapour cloud explosion. This is what produces the huge pressure wave. I have acess to a blast calculation program. For large vapour releases you can still have 1-2psi pressure wave at 20+ kms. Times that by the surface are of a door and its a lot of force on a flat object. As for fire crew escape, there is the LTFB scenario. If there is no possibilty of containment, fire crews will "let the fucker burn" and go away a safe distance. Historically for vapour cloud explosions, that hasnt been far enough. :(Fertilizer explosions (outside of purpose made explosive devices) are incredibly rare.  There was no reason to presume this warehouse was a ticking bomb any more than any other warehouse.EDIT: here a biology illustrates http://www.reddit.com/r/worldnews/comments/1cktrt/fertilizer_plant_just_exploded_near_waco_texas/c9hj0ieFiremen are only supposed to go into buildings that are deemed reasonably safe to go into.I would imagine as part of safety protocol, the fertilizer plant would have a fire brigade. Probably small, but still... It's a fucking chemical plant. I would honestly be shocked if they didn't.The explosion probably set off a ton of secondary fires that they need firefighters to contain.When you have an industrial explosion like this, usually it happens because the Process employees could not isolate the process fast enough. Fertilizer plants produce hydrogen, which is what I'm guessing caused this explosion. Hydrogen has a ridiculously wide explosion capacity, and will ignite with a "richness" of something like 8-80% where-as normal fuel gas is like 25-35% (or narrower). Seeing shit like this scares the crap out of me, because it touches close to home. We had a massive explosion a couple years ago, thankfully no one was killed. http://www.reddit.com/r/inthenews/comments/1cldwd/live_update_thread_2_west_texas_fertilizer_plant/I'm just cross-posting this information from the other thread since a lot of people were curious as to how a fertilizer plant could explode like this.Well, for this, I'll put on my specialty hat. My main research is in nitrogen biogeochemistry.My (very probable) guess for the reason these explosions occurred with fertilizers is due to the presence of ammonium nitrate. Ammonium ions (which may be converted to nitrate through nitrification) and nitrate ions are both extremely useful for plants (e.g. formation of proteins), so ammonium nitrate is abundant in fertilizers. Industrial fertilizer production, thanks to the Haber-Bosch process, is now a major way atmospheric nitrogen is fixed for agricultural use. The ammonia from industrial fixation can then be reacted with nitric acid to form ammonium nitrate.Normally, these would decompose slowly, releasing nitrous oxide (N2O), which is a potent greenhouse gas, but not an immediate threat. However, under quick change, like through detonation, the reaction favors a higher production of oxygen, which forms extremely rapidly.This high oxygen content combined with the quick reaction and gas evolution rate results in an extremely potent explosion!So, once something sparks combustion in a place where ammonium nitrate is abundant, it's easy to see how the whole place can go up quite quickly. I'm unsure of how high quantities of this is stored, as the amounts that I work with are relatively small.Got all kinds of confusing when I read people in Dallas heard an explosion in West Texas, which is around 600 miles away, while West, Texas is around 70 miles awaywe use and disclose information to prevent people from abusing the platform, but