Texas Fertilizer Blast Leaves at...
SearchImagesMapsPlayYouTubeNewsGmailDriveMoreCalendarTranslateMobileBooksOffersWalletShoppingBloggerFinancePhotosVideosEven more »Account OptionsSign inSettingsSearch settingsWeb History
  
  

News
 
Top StoriesNews near youWorldU.S.BusinessTechnologyEntertainmentSportsScienceHealthSpotlightTop StoriesNews near youWorldU.S.BusinessTechnologyEntertainmentSportsScienceHealthSpotlightSearch this story
   All news ArticlesSorted by relevance
Sorted by date
Reset options

Full coverage



   Texas Fertilizer Blast Leaves at Least One Dead, 35 Missing  San Francisco Chronicle - ‎12 hours ago‎   April 18 (Bloomberg) -- One person has been confirmed killed and another 35 people are still missing after an explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant that injured 160, flattened houses and devastated the center of the town of West. The missing include five ...    
  Up to 15 killed, 160 wounded in 'devastating' Texas chemical plant blast  NBCNews.com - ‎19 hours ago‎   The destruction from the large fertilizer plant fire in West, Texas is seen from above for the first time. By M. Alex Johnson, John Newland and Tracy Connor, NBC News. Rescue crews were going door to door Thursday in the ruins of a small Texas town where a ...    
  Willie Nelson redirects concert proceeds to benefit West, Texas firefighters  Fox News - ‎11 hours ago‎   Country music legend Willie Nelson is donating all proceeds from an upcoming concert in Austin, Texas, to the West Volunteer Fire Department, according to a press statement released Thursday. Nelson , a native Texan, sent out his love and prayers via ...    
  Before the Blast, West Fertilizer's Monsanto Lawsuit  Wall Street Journal - ‎19 hours ago‎   As details emerge about the Texas fertilizer plant that was the site of Wednesday's fatal explosion and fire, a few tidbits can be gleaned from a 2007 lawsuit that the plant's owners filed against agribusiness giant Monsanto Co. The suit, filed as a potential class ...    
   'It looks like a war zone:' Conflicting reports on death toll in West  San Francisco Chronicle - ‎13 hours ago‎   WEST — Officials here were providing wildly different estimates on the number of people killed in a Wednesday night fertilizer plant explosion. Most of the conflicting estimates were coming from the town's mayor, Tommy Muska, whose estimate of as many as ...    
  Explosion in West, Texas: 5 to 15 people dead, dozens of homes destroyed  San Jose Mercury News - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   WEST, Texas -- Rescue workers searched the smoldering ruins of a fertilizer plant Thursday for survivors of a monstrous explosion that leveled homes and businesses in every direction across the Texas prairie. As many as 15 people were feared dead and ...    
   'We need your prayers': Hundreds injured in explosion at Texas fertilizer plant  NBCNews.com - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   By M. Alex Johnson, Becky Bratu and John Newland, NBC News. A large fertilizer plant explosion rocked a small Texas town Wednesday night, causing fatalities, injuring "hundreds" of people and leaving dozens of homes destroyed. Firefighters were battling ...    
   Mass Injuries Reported in Texas Fertilizer Plant Blast  New York Times - ‎Apr 17, 2013‎   Published: April 17, 2013. A huge explosion on Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near West, a town in central Texas, caused many injuries, according to the town's Fire Department and news reports. Multimedia. Map · Site of Fertilizer Plant Explosion ...    
  Liquid Ammonia at Texas Plant Had Small Window to Explode  Businessweek - ‎17 hours ago‎   The perfect mixture of ammonia vapors and heat in narrow ranges would have been required to cause yesterday's deadly explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant. Anhydrous ammonia, a nitrogen-hydrogen combination used as a crop nutrient, has a tight ...    
  Dispatch tapes reveal harrowing moments after Texas explosion  Los Angeles Times - ‎18 hours ago‎   In the moments after an explosion tore through a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, dispatchers pleaded for help for downed firefighters, summoning assistance from nearby agencies and directing fire trucks, haz-mat units and other responders to scenes of ...    
   'Like a war zone': Fatalities, hundreds hurt in Texas fertilizer plant explosion  NBCNews.com - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   By M. Alex Johnson, Becky Bratu and John Newland, NBC News. At least five to 15 people were killed and more than 160 wounded when a large fertilizer plant explosion rocked a small Texas town late Wednesday, destroying dozens of homes under a cloud ...    
  Up to 15 dead in Texas fertilizer explosion blast: 'It was like the whole earth shook'  Chicago Sun-Times - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   WEST, Texas — Rescue workers searched rubble early Thursday for survivors of a fertilizer plant explosion in a small Texas town that killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160 others. The blast left the factory a smoldering ruin and leveled ...    
  Texas Plant Blast Kills an Estimated 5 to 15 People  San Francisco Chronicle - ‎17 hours ago‎   (Corrects size and scope of disaster in first, 19th paragraphs.) April 18 (Bloomberg) -- An explosion at Adair Grain Inc.'s fertilizer plant in the town of West, Texas, killed as many as 15 people and injured at least 160 in what may be the worst industrial disaster ...    
  Firefighters still missing after Texas fertilizer plant blast  Chicago Tribune - ‎19 hours ago‎   WEST, Texas -- Rescue teams searched the charred rubble of homes in a small Texas city on Thursday for survivors of a fiery explosion at a nearby fertilizer plant that killed as many as 15 people, injured more than 160 and destroyed dozens of buildings.    
  'The whole street is gone': Bloodied eyewitnesses describe Texas explosion horror  NBCNews.com - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   A survivor of the West, Texas plant explosion describes the blast and what he saw and experienced as he escaped the area. By Alastair Jamieson and Matthew DeLuca NBC News. Shocked and bloodied eyewitnesses in the small Texas town of West ...    
   'We need your prayers': Scores reported injured in explosion at Texas fertilizer ...  NBCNews.com - ‎Apr 17, 2013‎   By M. Alex Johnson, staff writer, NBC News. A large fertilizer plant explosion rocked a small Texas town Wednesday night, injuring scores of people and leaving dozens of homes destroyed. It is the “most devastating thing that's happened to this community,” ...    
  Texas Fertilizer Explosion Recalls French Disaster  Businessweek - ‎22 hours ago‎   The death and destruction caused by the explosion at a central Texas fertilizer factory was all too familiar to residents of Toulouse, France. An explosion in September 2001 at a Toulouse factory that made fertilizer from ammonium nitrate—the same chemical ...    
  Officials assess devastation in West, Texas  Atlanta Journal Constitution - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   An explosion at a fertilizer plant Wednesday night in the town of West killed an estimated five to 15 people, injured more than 150 and damaged dozens of homes and buildings, officials said. Overnight, hundreds of emergency responders descended on West ...    
   Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?  Christian Science Monitor - ‎16 hours ago‎   Rescuers are combing through leveled homes and apartment buildings in the hunt for survivors following Wednesday night's fire and explosion at a small fertilizer and grain-storage company near Waco, Texas. Skip to next paragraph. Related stories ...    
  Texas Gov. Rick Perry: Explosion a 'nightmare scenario'  Washington Post - ‎18 hours ago‎   Texas Gov. Rick Perry is calling the deadly fertilizer plant explosion West, Texas "a truly nightmare scenario." Authorities have said as many as 15 people are feared dead and more than 160 others were injured. Associated Press. Correction: Clarification: ...    
  Texas fertilizer disaster: Willie Nelson to hold benefit concert  Los Angeles Times - ‎11 hours ago‎   The day after a fertilizer plant exploded in central Texas, killing at least 11 people and injuring more than 160, country music icon Willie Nelson announced he would hold a benefit concert for the victims. Nelson was born about five miles from the site of the ...    
  Texas Fertilizer-Plant Blast Kills Unknown Number of People  San Francisco Chronicle - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   (Updates with use of ammonia in fifth paragraph.) April 18 (Bloomberg) -- An explosion struck Adair Grain Inc.'s fertilizer facility in the town of West, Texas, killing an unknown number of people, injuring at least 100 and leveling buildings. Local media said as ...    
  The explosion occurs at a fertilizer plant some 18 miles north of Waco, KWTX ...  CNN - ‎Apr 17, 2013‎   (CNN) -- A massive explosion at a fertilizer plant in the small Texas town of West left at least two people dead, leveled several homes and prompted a widescale evacuation in the community of 2,600 people. Fire officials fear that the number of casualties ...    
   Death toll rising in firestorm at Texas fertilizer plant; sabotage discounted (+video)  Christian Science Monitor - ‎22 hours ago‎   Almost as soon as firefighters arrived to battle a major fire at a large fertilizer plant in the town of West, Texas, on Wednesday night, a large tank of ammonia blew “like a nuclear bomb,” injuring more than 100 people and killing and hurting several first ...    
  Texas police: Five to 15 dead in fertilizer plant blast  Washington Post - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   Police in West, Texas say their early estimate is between five and 15 people are dead, after a massive fertilizer explosion. Dozens were hurt and police emphasize, the numbers could change. Associated Press. Correction: Clarification: RELATED. Story: Up to ...    
   In Texas explosion, firefighters went to help, never came home  Kansas City Star - ‎11 hours ago‎   WEST — They are farmers, car salesmen, business owners and city employees. Order Reprints. Ron Jenkins The people of West, Texas, during a candlelight vigil on Thursday, April 18, 2013, for victims, families, friends and first responders near the scene of ...    
  Fertilizer Blast Leaves Widespread Destruction  13WHAM-TV - ‎1 hour ago‎   West, Texas (AP) - The band of destruction extends for blocks following a fertilizer plant explosion in the town of West, Texas. Authorities still aren't sure how many people were killed in Wednesday night's blast. More than 160 people were hurt. On Thursday ...    
  AP PHOTOS: Blast levels neighborhood in Texas  Atlanta Journal Constitution - ‎14 hours ago‎   A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a near by fertilizer plant exploded Wednesday, April 17, 2013, in West, Texas. (AP Photo/ Waco Tribune Herald, Rod Aydelotte). View Larger · AP PHOTOS: Texas plant explosion kills at least 5 ...    
  Extremely flammable compound in fertilizer speaks to its deadly history  Fox News - ‎Apr 18, 2013‎   Fertilizer has helped feed the world, but it can also be extremely dangerous, as demonstrated by the apparently accidental explosion Wednesday night in Texas, and by the 1995 terror bombing in Oklahoma City. Commercial fertilizer typically contains ...    
  West Fertilizer Co Paid Civil Penalties For Shipping Violations  Wall Street Journal - ‎15 hours ago‎   West Fertilizer Co. paid $5,250 in civil penalties last year after being cited by the U.S. Department of Transportation's Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration after the agency found fault with the company's commercial shipping practices.    



Previous

1 
2 
3 
4 
5 
6 
7 
8

Next

The selection and placement of stories on this page were determined automatically by a computer program.
The time or date displayed reflects when an article was added to or updated in Google News.


Make Google News my homepage
RSS - Other News Editions - About Google News - About Feeds - Blog - Help - Send Feedback
©2013 Google
 - Google Home - Advertising Programs - Business Solutions - Privacy & Terms - About Google
 -  

