Mass Injuries Reported in Texas Fertilizer Plant Blast - NYTimes.com




Subscribe:

Digital / Home Delivery


Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com












U.S.





World
 
U.S.
PoliticsEducationTexas 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos














Mass Injuries Reported in Texas Fertilizer Plant Blast 




Rod Aydelotte/Waco Tribune Herald, via Associated Press
Emergency workers assisted at a staging area at a school stadium in West, Tex. Many were evacuated from a damaged nursing home following the explosion. 

 

By 

RAVI SOMAIYA

Published: April 17, 2013    













A huge explosion on Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near West, a town in central Texas, caused many injuries, according to the town’s Fire Department and news reports.        



  
 Multimedia






Map



Site of Fertilizer Plant Explosion






Related



The Lede: Video of Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion
(April 17, 2013)







Connect With Us on Twitter
Follow @NYTNational for breaking news and headlines.
 Twitter List: Reporters and Editors




Enlarge This Image










Rod Aydelotte/Waco Tribune Herald, via Associated Press
A bystander looked on as emergency workers tried to put out a house fire in West on Wednesday night.                            



Enlarge This Image










The New York Times
The explosion near West also affected a nursing home                            




A spokesman for the Texas Department of Public Safety, D. L. Wilson, said that the blast at the plant, West Fertilizer, just off Interstate 35 north of Waco, had resulted in “probably hundreds of casualties,” but that he did not know if anyone had died, Reuters reported. Mr. Wilson said that a local nursing home had been caught in the blast, and that people were believed to be trapped inside.        
“We’ve had a big explosion at a fertilizer plant,” said a woman who answered the phone at the Fire Department in West, but who declined to identify herself, citing department rules. “There are injuries, casualties; it’s terrible.”        
James Miller, a West resident and volunteer firefighter, said people were trapped in the nursing home. “They’re getting them out right now,” he said.        
The television news station KWTX said that the explosion happened just before 8 p.m. and that emergency crews from throughout the region were responding. The station posted images of a large explosion and a fire. A high school football field was pressed into service as a triage center, according to local reporters.        
The Red Cross in the Dallas and Fort Worth region said in a statement posted online that it had crews on the way to help. Red Cross workers were looking for a safe place to shelter residents who had been displaced from their homes.        
Images posted by The Dallas Morning News showed numerous ambulances, fire trucks and other emergency vehicles tending to groups of people huddled in blankets and on stretchers under the floodlights.        
Television footage showed a sea of flashing lights near the plant and extensive fires burning into the night.        
The cause of the fire was not immediately apparent.        
“We are monitoring developments and gathering information as details continue to emerge about this incident,”  Gov. Rick Perry  said in a statement late Wednesday. “We have also mobilized state resources to help local authorities. Our thoughts and prayers are with the people of West and the first responders on the scene.”         
The West Independent School District said on Twitter that residents were being told to leave.         











A version of this article appeared in print on April 18, 2013, on page A15 of the New York edition with the headline: Mass Injuries Reported in Texas Fertilizer Plant Blast.




 










Try unlimited access to NYTimes.com for just 99¢.  SEE OPTIONS »














Get Free E-mail Alerts on These Topics












West (Tex)






Explosions








Accidents and Safety






Fertilizer








 








 

 







 

 

 



 

 




Julianne Moore | The fairest of them all


      Also in T Magazine »
      


The taste divide
 High Low | Dr. Martens sneakers










 



 








 











 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Art & Design »




Tendrils of the Artist’s Essence





Business »




SeaWorld Prices I.P.O. at Top of Range




Opinion »
Op-Ed: China’s Position on Nuclear Weapons
China’s newest white paper on defense does not mention its “no-first-use” pledge, as past versions have.





Theater »




‘Orphans,’ With Alec Baldwin





Opinion » 



Letters: Guns and the Senate — Days of Passion





Sports »




Star Comes Out as Gay, and Sports World Shrugs





World »




Polish Museum Repairs a Tie to a Jewish Past





Television »




How Robert Redford et al. Covered a Scandal





Magazine »




9 Ways to Make the Most of an Artichoke





Music »




The Love That Dares to Sing




Opinion »
Why the Gun Bills Failed
Ninety percent of Americans support background checks. So, Room for Debate asks, why wouldn’t the Senate?





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: The Jewish Hero History Forgot












© 2013 The New York Times Company
Site Map
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Advertise
Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Work With Us
RSS
Help
Contact Us
Site Feedback









