KTVQ.com | Q2 | Continuous News Coverage | Billings, Montana



















Member Center

Create Account
Log In







KTVQ.com
BILLINGS, MONTANA | CONTINUOUS NEWS COVERAGE








Sponsored by: 












 Home Submit Birthday or AnniversaryContact UsNew folderKTVQ Contact InfoClosed CaptioningEEO ReportsQ2 News StaffeNews Sign UpFacebookTwitterBolo AlertWeatherInteractive Weather MapPhoto GalleriesRoad ReportsSportsAthlete of the WeekGriz CentralCat CentralThe Great OutdoorsCamerasVideo/Photo Weather ImagesUpload Your PhotosQ2 Live StreamCrime MapContestsJobsKTVQ Jobs/EEO ReportsDealsUS/WorldHealthHealth TopicsAllergiesCosmetic SurgeryDentalDermatologyWeight LossFitnessHeart DiseaseOncologyOptometryVitamins/SupplementsDr OZ






  




 







Catch the Latest Adventure! Road Report & Cameras MT Legislature Click here! Click here to SAVE! Click Here For More Info! Dream Home Giveaway








Montana

Medicaid bill likely to die in MT House committee


Posted 7:58 PM 4/19/2013 by Lindsey Gordon - MTN News
In the Montana House of Representatives on Friday, the bill that would allow Medicaid money to pay for insurance for low-income individuals, was effectively referred back to committee where it will likely die.
House democrats and moderate republicans aimed to undo the decision house (More)








Adv. - more news below







Courts

Great Falls man charged with assaulting children





Posted 7:54 PM 4/19/2013 by Erin Schermele - MTN News
GREAT FALLS - Richard Chavez of Great Falls is facing a number of felony charges for allegedly abusing all of his four children.
Chavez appeared in court on Friday on charges of aggravated assault, assault on a minor, and tampering with a witness.
One of Chavez's children reportedly (More)










Montana

Helena woman admits making up assault story





Posted 7:52 PM 4/19/2013 by MTN News
HELENA - A woman who claimed that she was assaulted by her boyfriend on Friday afternoon has now recanted.
The 42-year old woman initially reportedly that she had been assaulted during an altercation at the 3000 block of Euclid Avenue in Helena on Friday, and that he had then run away.
(More)










Live Stream

CBS LIVE News coverage: Boston bomber manhunt





Posted 7:50 PM 4/19/2013 by CBS News
 
 
CBS News live: 1 Boston bombing suspect dead, second sought
 (More)










National News

As CISPA cybersecurity bill passes House, privacy advocates mobilize





Posted 7:47 PM 4/19/2013 by Chenda Ngak - CBS News
A controversial cyber-security bill that would let private companies, like Facebook, Google and Twitter, share information with the federal government without a warrant is one step closer to becoming a law.
The U.S. House of Representatives on Thursday voted to approve the Cyber (More)








Adv. - more news below







BREAKING NEWS

Boston police: Marathon bombings suspect 'in custody'





Posted 7:09 PM 4/19/2013 by CNN
(CNN) -- [Breaking news update 8:48 p.m. ET]
The suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings is in custody, Boston police tweeted.
[Original story published at 8:46 p.m. ET]
Police have cornered a man believed to be the suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings on a boat in a yard (More)










Montana

Bear attack victim was SKC student





Posted 6:59 PM 4/19/2013 by Dennis Bragg - MTN News
PABLO - Tribal officials are now saying it was a Salish Kootenai College student who was mauled this morning when he stumbled across a sow grizzly and her cubs in the woods behind the school.
The attack happened in a wood area, right behind the Salish Kootenai College campus. In fact it (More)










National News

Kalispell fertilizer retailers, firefighters discuss Texas explosion


Posted 6:40 PM 4/19/2013 by Dax VanFossen - MTN News
KALISPELL - A fire earlier this week at a fertilizer plant turned into a national tragedy after something caused the fire to take a turn for the worse.
Many are now blaming a specific type of fertilizer for the severity of the blast.
There are no clear cut answers yet as to what (More)










BREAKING NEWS

Official: Boston Marathon bombing suspect surrounded





Posted 5:26 PM 4/19/2013 by CBS News
BOSTON - Shortly after the lockdown was lifted in the town where the at-large Boston Marathon bombing suspect was last seen, journalists reported hearing several shots could be heard. There was also a massive police response to the apparent shooting.
CBS News correspondent John Miller (More)








Adv. - more news below







Investigation

Names released of victims in Lockwood fire





Posted 4:57 PM 4/19/2013 by Q2 News
LOCKWOOD - The names of four people killed in the Lockwood fire on Hemlock Drive Thursday morning have been released.
According to Mike Linder, Yellowstone County Sheriff, Donavon Fogle, 25, Troy Saylor, 28, Brandi Hansen Moats, 25, and (More)


Related Articles

Lockwood fire: Yellowstone County releases photos of suspects
Two suspects arrested in Lockwood fatal fire











From The StormTracker Weather Center

Q2 Weather Update: Another wintry system ahead





Posted 3:35 PM 4/19/2013 by Bob McGuire-Q2 Weather Center
Our sun break is just about over. A very moist flow of air off the Pacific Ocean is expected to start moving into south central Montana this evening. This thing will bring Billings a good chance of rain and snow through the weekend. The Beartooths could see some accumulation out of it on Sunday. (More)










Sports

Rocky announces 2013 football schedule





Posted 3:22 PM 4/19/2013 by Q2 Sports
BILLINGS - The Rocky Battlin' Bears will start and end their 2013 season on the road.  But the middle might determine their fate.
Rocky will open the campaign in Miles City against Jamestown College, and end it in Helena against longtime rival Carroll.  Technically, the game with (More)










National News

Boy Scouts to consider lifting ban on openly gay youths





Posted 3:15 PM 4/19/2013 by Katia Hetter, CNN
(CNN) -- The Boy Scouts of America would no longer deny membership to youth on the basis of sexual orientation but would maintain its ban on openly gay adult leaders under a proposal it is considering, the group said Friday.
The organization's executive committee made the proposal, which (More)








Adv. - more news below







Sports

Bobcats in Great Falls for Triangle Classic





Posted 3:06 PM 4/19/2013 by Q2 Sports
BOZEMAN - The undecided position battles dwindle. The question marks disappear. The calendar pages flip closer to the end of spring drills for the Montana State football program, and Montana State's seventh-year coach Rob Ash likes the increasing production and decreasing uncertainty.
"We (More)










Sports

Red Sox, Bruins postpone games





Posted 3:00 PM 4/19/2013 by cbssports.com
BOSTON - The Red Sox and Bruins have postponed their games scheduled for Friday night with the Boston area still the scene of a massive manhunt for a suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings.
The Red Sox were set to play the Kansas City Royals at Fenway Park, while the Pittsburgh Penguins (More)










National News

Bombing manhunt: Suspect believed to be 'armed and dangerous'





Posted 2:52 PM 4/19/2013 by Michael Pearson and Chelsea J. Carter, CNN
(CNN) -- A suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings was on the run Friday as thousands of law enforcement authorities cast a wide net that virtually shut down the Massachusetts capital amid warnings the man was possibly armed with explosives.
Authorities say Dzhokar Tsarnaev escaped an (More)



















StormTracker Weather





Current Conditions


BILLINGS, MT: 57°

Mostly Cloudy




Stormtracker Doppler |
Stormtracker Weather |
7-Day Forecast |
Montana Temperatures |
NW US Temperatures |
US Satellite Radar |
Ed's Almanac |
Sponsored by: Red Lodge Mountain |









 













Q2 Poll


Loading ...












See results from previous Q2 polls.


KTVQ.com Videos
















The Noon News 4.19.13







MTN Midday Weathercast







MoneyWatch with John McCalla







Headlines and Weather from Montana this Morning







Shadow Lawn demolition







Online Safety PKG







St. Jude Dream Home ticket count update & St. Jude teacher connects healing with learning







Q2 Thursday 5:30 p.m. top stories with Jay & Jeanelle 4.18.2013







Q2 5:30 Sports On Demand   4-18-2013







Q2 5:30 Stormtracker Weather   4-18-2013







FBI releases video of marathon bombing suspects







Boston crowd unites in singing national anthem







Likely deaths in morning mobile home fire







South of the Border on Montana this Morning - Part 2







Ag & Weather Together







Shadow Lawn demolition







Q2 Wednesday 10 p.m. top stories with Jay & Jeanelle 4.17.2013







Q2 10pm Sports On Demand  4-17-2013







Q2 10pm Stormtracker Weather   4-17-2013







Q2 5:30 News with Jay Kohn & Jeanelle Slade  4-17-2013







Q2 5:30 Sports On Demand  4-17-2013







Q2 5:30 Stormtracker Weather   4-17-2013







Salute to Women SOTS







The Noon News 4.17.13







'A Northern Night' Big Sky Senior Services







Emergency Preparedness







Morning Farm and Ranch News







Wednesday on-demand weather forcast







Montana this Morning on Wednesday, April 17







Q2 Tuesday 10 p.m. top stories with Jay & Jeanelle 4.16.2013







Q2 10pm Sports On Demand  4-16-2013







Q2 10pm Stormtracker Weather  4-16-2013







10PM Webcast Bob







Prison Paws for Humanity program reaches ninth year







Koni Dole continues to impress on long road back







Billings race directors review safety plans







MRM Makeover







3PM webcast Bob







Crunch time at the MT Department of Revenue







Tuesday on-demand weather forcast







Headlines and Weather from Montana this Morning







Ag News and Markets







10PM Webcast Bob







Alan King recounts the Boston Marathon tragedy







James Berve recalls Boston Marathon bombing







Billings man crosses finish line moments before explosions







3PM webcast Bob







A Waiting Child - Jeremy







Angela's Adventures: Grizzly Peak Adventure Race







Participants learn about history and rifle marksmanship in Project Appleseed event










KTVQ.com is social!












RECENT TOP STORIES


Lockwood fire: Yellowstone County releases photos of suspects

Multiple people killed in mobile home fire

Two suspects arrested in Lockwood fatal fire

Billings historic home faces wrecking crew

Names released of victims in Lockwood fire

Lockwood firefighters put out early-morning mobile home fire

Four people killed in mobile home fire

Twin babies make history at St. Vincent Healthcare

FBI releases photos and surveillance video of Boston bombing suspects

Friends and fans roast 'Flakes to celebrate 25 years on air

Historic Billings home is no more

'Like a nuclear bomb': Deadly fertilizer plant blast devastates Texas town

Police: One Boston bombing suspect dead, another on the run






Don't miss these!


Closed Captioning Hotline

406-869-2212 - click here for full information.



FCC Public Files

Click here for the KTVQ Station Profile & Public Inspection Files



KTVQ Photo and Video Galleries

View or upload photos to the KTVQ.com online galleries.



Submit a Birthday or Anniversary

Click here to go to the Montana this Morning Page to submit.



Here's my Card

Local Business contact information



Firewatch

Statewide fire season coverage



BOLO Alert

Alerts on fugitives around the state



Crime Map

Billings area crime map



KTVQ Program Schedule

What's on KTVQ and when



A Waiting Child

Children in need of a home



One Kid at a Time

Student scholarship program



One Class at a Time

Nominate a class or program!



Q2 Video Vault

Q2 Videos from the past



Vic Miller's Commentary

Watch the latest Commentary from Vic Miller



Billings CW

The CW is in Billings!



CBS

National news coverage and programming






























Home | Weather |  Sports | Advertise | Contact Us
MTN Montana Television Network Sites - KTVQ, Billings | KBZK, Bozeman | KXLF, Butte | KRTV, Great Falls | KXLH, Helena | KPAX, Missoula | KAJ, Kalispell 
© 2013, KTVQ.com, BILLINGS, MT, and Cordillera Interactive. Privacy Policy (updated 1/10/10) | Terms of Service (updated 12/10/09)

Search Yellow Pages:

Popular SearchesÂ |Â Powered by Local.com
 Apartments in BillingsÂ |Â  Attorneys in BillingsÂ |Â  Auto Dealers in BillingsÂ |Â  Auto Parts in BillingsÂ |Â Auto Repair in BillingsÂ |Â Beauty Salons in BillingsÂ |Â Car Rental in BillingsÂ |Â Dentists in BillingsÂ |Â Doctors in BillingsÂ |Â Flowers in BillingsÂ |Â Hotels in BillingsÂ |Â Insurance in BillingsÂ |Â Loans in BillingsÂ |Â Mortgages in BillingsÂ |Â Movers in BillingsÂ |Â Pizza in BillingsÂ |Â Realtors in BillingsÂ |Â Restaurants in BillingsÂ |Â Storage in BillingsÂ |Â Tax Preparation in BillingsÂ |Â Travel in BillingsÂ |Â FeaturedÂ |Â More...

 

















