Japanese woman unwittingly lives with brother’s corpse for more than a year, then chops and trashes it  - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    World         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          World     
  Japanese woman unwittingly lives with brother’s corpse for more than a year, then chops and trashes it  The reclusive Masao Tadano had not been seen by his two sisters since 2010 when they checked on him late last year, discovering he had died.        By   Lee Moran     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Thursday, April 4, 2013, 7:57 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Douglas Steakley/Getty Images/Lonely Planet Image Panicking after her gruesome discovery, one of the sisters chopped up the corpse and dumped the pieces into plastic bags because she “did not want to be criticized.” The remains were discovered recently by demolition workers knocking down the house. Police accept that the sister was not involved in his death.       
	A Japanese woman unwittingly lived with her brother's mummified corpse for more than a year, chopping him up and tossing him in the trash when she finally realized he was dead.

	Masao Tadano, a reclusive character not seen by the rest of his family for decades, lived with his two sisters in the Northern area of Hokkaido.

	Preferring to stay in his bedroom, he was left alone by his siblings, who say they hadn't seen him since 2010.

	It was only in November 2012, when they checked on him because they were moving, that they discovered the 48-year-old had died.
RELATED:  DAUGHTER SLEPT WITH MOTHER’S CORPSE FOR FOR EIGHT MONTHS
	In a state of panic, one of the sisters chopped up his corpse and dumped the pieces into plastic bags.

	"I did not want to be criticized and thought it would be got rid of in the trash," she told newspaper Sankei Shimbun.

	His remains were discovered recently by demolition workers who were knocking down the house, which sparked a police investigation.

	Cops accept that the 49-year-old sister was not involved in his death, but she still faces a charge of abandonment of a corpse, reports News.com.au.

	It's unclear exactly when Tadano died, but the state of his corpse suggested he'd been dead for at least 18 months when found, cops said.

lmoran@nydailynews.com
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   Two children found living in storage unit         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Richards records first career hat trick as Rangers rout Oilers     Brad Richards has struggled mightily this season, and just three days prior he looked like a broken man in a losing locker room in Philadelphia. But on Friday, he picked up his first hat trick in 12 NHL seasons as the Rangers scored eight goals for the first time since Nov. 14, 2010, against the Edmonton Oilers.     Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.      
  World News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   