West begins cleanup, recovery effort following massive blast | Lubbock Online | Lubbock Avalanche-Journal




 



 


 







 



 


 







 



 


 












 







 









57°
Scattered clouds





More Weather 



 







 



 


 







 





Friday, April 19, 2013
2011 Texas Associated Press Managing Editors Best Online Newspaper







 Have an account? JOIN OR SIGN IN 


All-Access Membership


Not a member?  Join now!

Claim your All-Access member rewards


Site features and comments


Username: *

Enter your Lubbock Online | Lubbock Avalanche-Journal username.


Password: *

Enter the password that accompanies your username.





Forgot your password?












JOIN NOW | ACTIVATE









Site

Web Search by YAHOO!

Businesses









 
 
 




Home
News
Sports
Wreckem247
Life
Opinion
Obituaries
Autos
Homes
Jobs
Classifieds
E-Edition
TXT
Help
  


 





 



 RSS

Follow George Watson's Twitter live from the Texas Tech-Kansas Big 12 baseball game at Rip Griffin Park More





Texas





Comment










Follow This Article 

West begins cleanup, recovery effort following massive blastPerry: Blast rescue largely completePosted: April 19, 2013 - 9:03pm



Photos Back    |   Next Mike FuentesA "God Bless West" sign is shown Friday in West. The bodies of 12 people have been recovered after an enormous Texas fertilizer plant explosion that demolished surrounding neighborhoods for blocks and left about 200 other people injured.  Back    |   Next Henrietta Wildsmith/The TimesMangled debris of a fertilizer plant are seen Thursday, April 18, 2013, a day after an explosion leveled the plant in West, Texas. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160. (AP Photo/The Times, Henrietta Wildsmith) Back    |   Next Tony GutierrezThis Thursday, April 18, 2013 aerial photo shows the remains of a nursing home, left, apartment complex, center, and fertilizer plant, right, destroyed by an explosion in West, Texas. Rescuers searched the smoking remnants for survivors of Wednesday night's thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead. Initial reports put the fatalities as high as 15, but later in the day, authorities backed away from any estimate and refused to elaborate. More than 160 people were hurt.  (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez) Back    |   Next Charlie RiedelPeople attend a service at St. Mary's Church of the Assumption, Friday, April 19, 2013, two days after an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed 14 people including numerous members of the West Volunteer Fire Department and injured more than 160. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel) Back    |   Next Mike FuentesWest, Texas Mayor Tommy Mouska, right, speaks at a press conference with Texas Gov. Rick Perry, left,  in West, Texas, Friday April 19, 2013. An explosion Wednesday night at a fertilizer plant near Waco sent flames shooting high into the night sky, leaving the factory a smoldering ruin, causing major damage at nearby buildings and injuring numerous people. (AP Photo/Mike Fuentes)  Back    |   Next Mike FuentesA bucket for placing money for support of residents and first responders is seen here at the Little Czech Bakery in West, Texas, Friday April 19, 2013.  The bodies of 12 people have been recovered after an enormous Texas fertilizer plant explosion that demolished surrounding neighborhoods for blocks and left about 200 other people injured, authorities said Friday. (AP Photo/Mike Fuentes)  Back    |   Next Charlie RiedelMandy Jares and her son Zander, age, 10, look through donated clothing Friday, April 19, 2013, as they replace belongings lost when thier home was destroyed in an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. Jares lives across a vacant lot from the West Fertilizer plant plant and was outside watching the fire when it exploded Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injuring more than 160. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel) Back    |   Next Charlie RiedelMembers of the West Volunteer Fire Department leave the church after attending a service at St. Mary's Church of the Assumption, Friday, April 19, 2013, two days after an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed 14 people including numerous members of the West Volunteer Fire Department and injured more than 160. (AP Photo/Charlie Riedel) Back    |   Next Henrietta Wildsmith/The TimesMangled debris of a fertilizer plant are seen Thursday, April 18, 2013, a day after an explosion leveled the plant in West, Texas. The massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160. (AP Photo/The Times, Henrietta Wildsmith) 





















West begins cleanup, recovery effort following massive blast
Lubbock Online
April 19, 2013 9:04 PM EDT

		Copyright 2013 Lubbock Online. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.
	

Perry: Blast rescue largely complete 
Texas Gov. Rick Perry says search and rescue operations have been largely completed in the small town where a fertilizer plant explosion killed 14 people and injured about 200 others.
Flanked by local officials, Perry told a Friday afternoon news conference that all affected buildings in West had been cleared with possibly the exception of one burned home.
Officials had said earlier that they had searched and cleared 150 buildings by Friday morning and planned to examine another 25 during the day.

Federal agents to search blast site 
Federal investigators will continue searching the wreckage of a Central Texas fertilizer plant into the weekend.
That will delay indefinitely the return home of residents displaced by the evacuation of much of the town of West after the Wednesday blast.
Franceska Perot is a spokeswoman for the U.S. Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives. She said late Friday that investigators were still combing through debris and would continue today. Until they’re finished, she said residents cannot return to their homes and she had no timetable for completion of the agents’ work.
The investigators are inspecting the wrecked West Fertilizer plant to collect debris and other evidence that may point to a cause of the blast that killed at least 14 people. About 200 people were injured.

Owner: ‘My heart is broken with grief’ 
The owner of the fertilizer plant that shattered a Central Texas town and killed at least 14 people says his “heart is broken with grief for the tragic losses.”
In a statement Friday, West Fertilizer owner Donald Adair said the Wednesday explosion “will continue to hurt deeply for generations to come.”
The blast also injured more than 200 people and destroyed about 50 homes nearby.
Adair said one of his own plant employees was among the dead. He was among the volunteer firefighters killed fighting a fire that led to the explosion.
Adair said he and his family were grateful for the service of those who died trying to fight the fire. He also said he and the plant management and employees are “working closely” with agencies investigating the disaster.

50 homes in West destroyed by blast 
Texas public safety officials say this week’s blast at a fertilizer plant destroyed 50 homes in the small Central Texas town of West.
Speaking Friday morning at a news conference, Texas Department of Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes said authorities have searched and cleared 150 buildings. They still have another 25 to examine.
Reyes said Wednesday’s explosion killed 14 people and injured 200 others in the small farming community about 20 miles north of Waco.

Compiled from wire reports






TAGS:  Texas
Business
Business
Candidate Position
Central Texas
Donald Adair
Franceska Perot
Governor
Labor
Labor
Law
Law
Lubbock Avalanche-Journal
Man Made Disaster
Person Career
Quotation
Rick Perry
spokeswoman
Texas
West Fertilizer plant





Comment










Follow This Article 





0






 










 





 





 




 
Advertisement
 


 







 














 



 







 



 Spotted





Please Note: You may have disabled JavaScript and/or CSS. Although this news content will be accessible, certain functionality is unavailable.
	
Skip to News
« back
next »



 






 






 








Go Red for Women Luncheon
Lubbock CTA Banquet
Metalachi
Walk a Mile in Her Shoes 2013
Downtown Art MArket
Ragin Cajun
Cesar Chavez Walk
9th Annual Buffalo Wing Cook-off





 







 















 



 







 




 
Advertisement
 


 







 



 Staff Blogs










 



Parking could be a mess for Saturday 'Elvis' matinee (PlayBill blog by William Kerns)




BY 
William Kerns 

Journal: PlayBill by Kerns » 		


 






 



ESPN Big 12 blog: Thoughts about Tech's spring game Saturday (Raider Buzz blog)




BY 
Raider Buzz 

Journal: Terry Greenberg » 		


 






 



Klein seeks feedback on budget, Godeke, other issues in coffee event (Government blog)




BY 
Adam D. Young 

Journal: City, County Government » 		


 

 


 







 



 Community Blogs










 



American People are Shocked by Obama’s Temper Tantrum




BY 
may 

Blog: Mr. Conservative » 		


 






 



Politicians Pledge Allegiance to the Corporate State of America




BY 
Carol Morgan 

Blog: Carol Morgan » 		


 






 



April is White Nut-job Awareness Month




BY 
Sean Scully 

Blog: Progressive Frontier » 		


 






 



Another Shameful Day at the Obama White House




BY 
may 

Blog: Mr. Conservative » 		


 






 



Obama Purposely Insults Britain and the Iron Lady




BY 
may 

Blog: Mr. Conservative » 		


 

 


 







 



 Recent Comments





Here is

Thank you Jeffross

Oh





 







 




 
Advertisement
 


 







 







 









 









 



 



 














Site

Web Search by YAHOO!

Businesses









 



 


 
 




					Avalanche-Journal
			

News
Sports
Business
Life
Opinion
A-J Pedia




					Multimedia
			

Facebook
Twitter
  
Spotted
Archive
Video / Slideshows




					Our Websites
			

Red Raiders
Lone Star Varsity
Lubbock Magazine
Make Kids Count
Frenship Today




					Our Products
			

Classifieds
Homes
Rentals
Autos
A-J's List
Find Lubbock jobs




					A-J Services
			

Contact Us
Staff directory
Follow us
A-J Subscriber Services
e-edition
Site Map


 

 
 


 





Lubbock Avalanche-Journal ©2013.  All Rights Reserved.
Terms of Service and Privacy Policy

 







