Liquid Ammonia at Texas Plant Had Small Window to Explode - Businessweek






Bloomberg Businessweek


Go To Businessweek.com













Sign in with Facebook




Or use your Businessweek account


Email

Password
Forgot  password?


Remember me




Already a Bloomberg.com user?

Sign in with the same account.

Don't have an account?
Sign up.


Help! I can't access my account.







Bloomberg Businessweek

News From Bloomberg























Global Economics


Companies & Industries


Politics & Policy


Technology


Markets & Finance


Innovation & Design


Lifestyle


Business Schools


Small Business


Video & Multimedia


















Bloomberg News
Liquid Ammonia at Texas Plant Had Small Window to Explode



By Anna Edney


April 18, 2013


Facebook


Tweet


LinkedIn


Google Plus




Email






Related


Story
Texas Fertilizer Explosion Recalls French Disaster


Video
Police Say 12 Dead in Texas Plant Blast


Story
As in Boston, Resilience Can Help the U.S. Defeat Terrorist Attacks


Story
Oil Spills May Complicate Obama’s Keystone XL Decision 


Story
Texas, Election Battleground: Democrats Aim to Mobilize the Hispanic Vote











The perfect mixture of ammonia
vapors and heat in narrow ranges would have been required to
cause yesterday’s deadly explosion at a Texas fertilizer plant. 
Anhydrous ammonia, a nitrogen-hydrogen combination used as
a crop nutrient, has a tight explosive window that needs a
precise ratio of liquid to vapor, said John Goodpaster, an
assistant professor at Indiana University-Purdue University
Indianapolis who researches explosives. The “sweet spot” is 16
percent to 25 percent vapor by volume, he said. 
“If the mixture of ammonia gas and air is in the right
range, then it can be very flammable,” Goodpaster said by
phone. “If you have a fire going on outside a large container
that has this mixture in it, and the fire is hot enough, then
the mixture, if it’s right, would spontaneously ignite.” 
There really are no procedures to regulate the amount of
vapor and no ability to vent the tanks because of regulations
preventing ammonia from being released into the air, Goodpaster
said. Anhydrous ammonia is typically safer than other volatile
chemicals and gases, such as hydrogen, which tend to have
broader ranges of gas and air mixtures, Goodpaster said. 
If anhydrous ammonia is stored in a 100 gallon tank and
some of it is left empty, ammonia vapors would need to make up
16 gallons to 25 gallons of the tank to create the hazard. 
Yesterday’s explosion at Adair Grain Inc.’s plant in West,
Texas, killed as many as 15 people and injured at least 160 in
what may be the worst U.S. industrial disaster since at least
2010, when 29 coal miners perished in Massey Energy Co.’s Upper
Big Branch mine. 
Making Meth 
Anhydrous ammonia and ammonium nitrate, which is a solid in
the form of small white pearls, can both be used to make
fertilizer that farmers use to add nitrogen to the soil and
boost crop yields. Ammonium nitrate can also be mixed with any
type of fuel to create an explosive, such as the truck bomb
detonated by Timothy McVeigh in 1995 at a federal office
building in Oklahoma City, killing 168 people. 
“Ammonium nitrate makes a pretty good explosive and it’s
available because it’s a fertilizer,” Goodpaster said. “You
can buy it in pretty large quantities.” 
Ammonium nitrate was responsible for another Texas disaster
in 1947, when the ship SS Grandcamp exploded at the docks in
Texas City, according to the Texas State Historical Association.
The ship was carrying the chemical and caught fire, destroying
the dock and the nearby businesses and grain warehouses. 
Ammonium nitrate and anhydrous ammonia also are used in one
of the most popular methods of making methamphetamine,
Goodpaster said. 
To contact the reporter on this story:
Anna Edney in Washington at 
aedney@bloomberg.net 
To contact the editor responsible for this story:
Reg Gale at 
rgale5@bloomberg.net 







Facebook


Tweet


LinkedIn


Google Plus




Email




















From
(enter your email)



To
(enter up to 5 email addresses, separated by commas)



Notes



Max 250 characters















Feed



Most Popular




Read




Shared




Discussed







The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


In Virginia's Fairfax County, Robbing Banks for the CIA


The Boston Bombers and the Decline of Al-Qaeda


'Saturday Night Live' Nails the Gun Control Debate


America's 50 Best Cities


Multiplayer Game 'Eve Online' Cultivates a Most Devoted Following


It Costs $333 Million to Shut Down Boston for a Day


A New Design for Antarctic Research







In Virginia's Fairfax County, Robbing Banks for the CIA


It Costs $333 Million to Shut Down Boston for a Day


The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


Using Facial-Recognition Technology to Track Down the Boston Bombers (and Why Humans Are Still Better at It)


'Saturday Night Live' Nails the Gun Control Debate


Why the U.S. Is Cutting Carbon Faster Than Europe


Bitcoin May Be the Global Economy's Last Safe Haven







Immigration Reform May Make Your Job Search Much Tougher


Saturday Night Live Nails the Gun Control Debate


The Price of Gold Is Crashing. Here's Why 


To Boost Retirement Savings, Stop Giving Tax Breaks on 401(k)s


Gun-Control Setback: Senate Blocks Background-Check Plan


How Obama Wants to Change Student Loan Interest Rates


At Goldman, the Average Pay for 3 Months is $135,594


The Glock Divorce Comes to America, Revealing New Details About the Gun-Maker













Ads by Google




















Elsewhere on Businessweek.com



Fix This/Water



VCs That Back Women Beat Those That Don't



Pepsi to America: Thank You for Snacking



Turkish Fashion Designers Make Muslim Style Chic



Who's Winning the Silicon Valley Talent Wars?



Why Morgan Stanley’s Job-Hunt Ban Was Doomed to Fail



What Angel Investing Looks Like Now



Why Cell Phone Networks Fail in Emergencies



Why Homegrown Terrorism Is Hard to Stop



Don't Hate Stanford Because It's Rich 



Meet the Bitcoin Millionaires



Best Undergraduate Business Schools 2013






Social


Follow us on Twitter


Join us on Facebook


Connect with us on LinkedIn


Subscribe to Bloomberg Businessweek


Bloomberg




Links

Our Company
Advertising
Careers
Content Licensing
Feedback
Custom Publishing
Manage Subscription


Mobile
Newsletters
Privacy Policy
Reprints & Permissions
Sitemap
Terms of Use
[+] Rate This Page



Get Businessweek Delivered




Rupert Murdoch: The Escape Artist

Subscribe



©2013 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved. Made in NYC

Ad Choices





















blog comments powered by

Disqus

























