Texas fertilizer plant tragedy: Fallen firefighters 'showed their dedication' - CSMonitor.com






 Skip to: Content
	Skip to: Site Navigation
	Skip to: Search



















Search







World


USA


Commentary


Business


Energy/Environment


Innovation


Science


Culture


Books










All USA
Politics
Elections
DC Decoder
Foreign Policy
Justice
Military
Society
Education
Sports
USA Update
Latest News Wires





				Sign up for FREE E-Newsletters: 
			 


Daily Top Stories
Weekend Edition
Change Agent
Books
BizTech
Opinion & Commentary
Politics
Food (Stir It Up!)
Science




 







Subscribe and save 75
%


 













Advertisements




















Texas fertilizer plant tragedy: Fallen firefighters 'showed their dedication'

Nearly all the members of the West Volunteer Fire Department in Texas are dead or injured after responding to a fertilizer plant fire that sparked a massive explosion. The tragedy puts a spotlight on the role of volunteer firefighters.

							By 
		
	
				
					            				
	Patrik Jonsson, Staff writer /
						April 19, 2013
		











Firefighters use flashlights early Thursday morning to search a destroyed apartment complex near a fertilizer plant that exploded Wednesday night in West, Texas. 
LM Otero/AP


Enlarge
















West, Texas


With missing teeth and an arm in a sling, one of the few remaining members of the West Volunteer Fire Department paced around the fire station Friday. He barked orders to the few people there – to clean equipment, install new gear from neighboring towns, and organize supplies.
Skip to next paragraph










In Pictures: Explosion at a fertilizer factory in West, Texas









Related stories




  Everyday heroes: 10 tales of American heroes




Volunteer firefighting force decimated in Texas fertilizer plant explosion




Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?











Subscribe Today to the Monitor
Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS ofThe Christian Science MonitorWeekly Digital Edition

 

It was an effort to restore a sense of order two days after a massive fertilizer plant explosion killed or seriously injured 22 first responders alone in West, Texas – a town of 2,800 that's still made up largely of Czech immigrants.Authorities on Friday confirmed 12 dead in all, including 10 first responders. Most of the surviving volunteer firefighters remained in area hospitals, many with serious injuries resulting from a massive blast that some here likened to "a nuclear bomb."


			RECOMMENDED: 		
						
		
						
														
						
						
													
								
		
																			Everyday heroes: 10 tales of American heroes


Among the volunteer firefighters lost were a pair of Czech-American brothers, Doug and Robert Snokhous; the city's secretary, Joey Pustejovsky; and Jerry Chapman, a goateed individual who was taking an EMT class when the call came about the fertilizer plant.The department also lost three trucks in the explosion, pretty much the entire inventory of large equipment. Firefighters from other towns washed the department's sole remaining piece, a small pickup truck tanker, on Friday. The department was manned largely by firefighters from other towns, who are now loaning their pumpers as well as hook and ladder trucks.The survivors are "numb right now," says Roger Wilson, a police chaplain who served after the Oklahoma City bombing and the 9/11 attacks and who is now responding to the West aftermath.

Want your top political issues explained? Get customized DC Decoder updates. Seventy-seven percent of Texas firefighters are volunteer, and they're a tightknit community – usually including pillars of the community and known as stalwarts of response. The vast majority of volunteer firefighters are certified, according to the State Firemen's & Fire Marshals' Association of Texas.Most of the dead had responded to a windblown fire at the plant Wednesday night, and many of them were found inside the blown-up plant. So far, no evidence of foul play has emerged in how the fire started in the family-owned plant, which has been a cornerstone of the community for more than 50 years."You look at this long list of names who lost their lives, who showed their dedication – they did it for zero pay, just out of the goodness of their hearts, to try to protect lives and property of the local community," says Chris Barron, executive director of the State Firemen's & Fire Marshals' Association of Texas.It will take years for the fire department to fully rebuild and overcome the anger and sadness resulting from the heavy loss, says Mr. Wilson, the police chaplain. On Friday, none of the remaining volunteer firefighters, including the man with missing teeth and an arm in a sling, felt like talking to the press."This is a small town. All these people are connected, and right now, they still can't believe that this happened," Wilson says. "What usually happens in cases like this is these departments lose their top people, because they're the ones who run to the scene."Firefighters Robert and Doug Snokhous were second cousins of Raymond Snokhouse, the Czech honorary consul for Texas. Burly individuals, they became known as the chief "jaws of life" operators on the squad, and they were always racing to accidents and fires to get there first."They were always together in life, and they left this life together," says Mr. Snokhouse, who was accompanied to West on Friday by the Czech ambassador to the United States, Petr Gandalovič. He struck a resolute note, too: "We are survivors who came here to this country, and this is life. It's not what happens to us, but how we handle it. We will overcome this."


			RECOMMENDED: 		
						
		
						
														
						
						
													
								
		
																			Everyday heroes: 10 tales of American heroes





Related stories


Everyday heroes: 10 tales of American heroes


Volunteer firefighting force decimated in Texas fertilizer plant explosion


Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?




Follow Us

You can find 		
		
	Patrik Jonsson
	on Twitter, Facebook, Google+.








About these ads








Get free daily or weekly news updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today. 









 










Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today!
 




 USA




Boston Marathon bombings: tips for calming kids' fears after tragedies




 World




Former Palestinian prisoners once jailed for murder, now dole out dessert




 The Culture




American Idol: With time running out, did the judges use their save?




 Science




Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.




 Innovation




Google Glass tester? Don't dare try to sell your new toy.




 Energy/Environment




Nebraska hearing vitrifies Keystone XL pipeline debate  




 World




Rhino head heist: Half a million euros' worth stolen from Irish museum




 World




Israeli archaeologist finds common ground underneath Sinai's shifting sands




 Innovation




NASA Space Apps Challenge aims for worldwide collaboration





Making a Difference

Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver
 


Innovation

Data-driven HDTV comparisons
 


Autos

Data-driven car comparisons
 












Weekly review of global news and ideas
Balanced, insightful and trustworthy
Subscribe in print or digital

Special Offer

Print
Digital
 


 







About these ads 











Could you pass a US citizenship test? Find out.





Most viewed





			Florist sued again for refusing to provide flowers for gay wedding
	


Provo, the city of 'Silicon Slopes,' named as third Google fiber site 


Immigration reform and Boston bombing: why some make a connection


40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know



			'Downton Abbey' season 4: Creator and cast talk what's ahead
	



 




In Pictures:



A dramatic capture after the Boston Marathon tragedy











CSMonitor.com on Facebook

 













Editors' picks:








Planet hunting: How MIT's TESS will bring search for life closer to home
 Scientists with MIT's TESS project hope to build on the lessons of the successful Kepler planet-hunting mission and find planetary systems close enough for telescopes to study in detail. 

Briefing:
Chechnya: How a remote Russian republic became linked with terrorism


London Marathon organizers pledge to keep calm and carry on


USA Update

			Florist sued again for refusing to provide flowers for gay wedding
	


Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.



 





About these ads 




Doing Good
 


What happens when ordinary people decide to pay it forward? Extraordinary change...




Paul Giniès is the general manager of the International Institute for Water and Environmental Engineering (2iE) in Burkina Faso, which trains more than 2,000 engineers from more than 30 countries each year.


Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver

Today 2iE is recognized as a 'center of excellence' producing top-notch home-grown African engineers ready to address the continent's problems.

 

 





Become part of the Monitor community






























About these ads



Home
About
Content Map
Contact Us
Subscribe
E-Readers
Text
Specials
Multimedia
Make Us Your Home Page


Careers
Corrections
Find us online
Advertise With Us
Articles on Christian Science



© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.
	





























 

 
 
 
 




