Death toll at 14 in Texas fertilizer plant blast - CBS News  

           CBSNews.com / CBS Evening News / CBS This Morning / 48 Hours / 60 Minutes / Sunday Morning / Face the Nation                     Video US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports »  More   Blogs  The Feed   Webshows 60 Overtime Face to Face The Startup What's Cooking   Resources Mobile Radio Local       Log In    Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         Profile     Manage my newsletter subscriptions Update my e-mail address Change my password Log Out                                  AP/   April 19, 2013, 5:25 PM   Death toll at 14 in Texas fertilizer plant blast        Play CBS News Video    Updated 8:12 pm ET
WEST, Texas A law enforcement official says two more bodies have been recovered in the wake of the Texas fertilizer plant explosion, bringing the death toll from the blast to 14.  Ten of the dead were first-responders -- including five from the
West Volunteer Fire Department and four emergency medics, West
Mayor Tommy Muska said.
. Texas Public Safety Sgt. Jason Reyes says the bodies will be sent to the Dallas County medical
examiner's office for identification. Even before investigators released a confirmed number of fatalities, the names of the dead were becoming known in the town of 2,800 and a small group of firefighters and other first responders who may have rushed toward the plant to battle a pre-explosion blaze was believed to be among them. 

An apartment complex suffered massive damaged from the explosion of the West Fertilizer plant in West, Texas, April 18, 2013.
/

Smiley N. Pool

 Rescue crews spent much of the day after Wednesday night's blast searching the town for survivors, and Reyes said those efforts were ongoing. He said authorities had searched and cleared 150 buildings by Friday morning and still had another 25 to examine.  The mourning already had begun at a service at St. Mary of the Assumption Catholic Church the previous night.  "We know everyone that was there first, in the beginning," said Christina Rodarte, 46, who has lived in West for 27 years. "There's no words for it. It is a small community, and everyone knows the first responders, because anytime there's anything going on, the fire department is right there, all volunteer."  One victim Rodarte knew and whose name was released was Kenny Harris, a 52-year-old captain in the Dallas Fire Department who lived south of West. He was off duty at the time but responded to the fire to help, according to a statement from the city of Dallas. 





55 Photos
Texas fertilizer plant explosion

 With search and rescue efforts continuing, it was clear the town's landscape was going to be changed forever by the four-to-five block radius leveled by the blast. An apartment complex was badly shattered, a school set ablaze, and a nursing home was left in ruins.  Residents were kept out of a large swath of West, where search and rescue teams continued to pick through the rubble. Some with permission made forays closer to the destruction and came back stunned, and it was possible other residents would be allowed to retrieve some personal belongings Friday, emergency workers said.  Garage doors were ripped off homes. Fans hung askew from twisted porches. At West Intermediate School, which was close to the blast site, all of the building's windows were blown out, as well as the cafeteria.  "I had an expectation of what I would see, but what I saw went beyond my expectations in a bad way," said Texas Attorney General Greg Abbott after his visit. "It is very disturbing to see the site.  Fifteen years ago, Brenda Covey, 46, lived in the now-leveled apartment complex across the street from the plant. 

Mangled metal and crushed vehicles are all that remains at the blast site of the West Fertilizer Company in West, Texas.
/

Paul Moseley/The Fort Worth Star-Telegram/AP

 On Thursday, she learned that two men she knew, both volunteer firefighters, had perished. Word of one came from her landlord because they live in the same complex in nearby Hillsboro. The other was the best man at her nephew's wedding.  "Word gets around quick in a small town," said Covey, who spent her whole life living in and around West.  Firefighter Darryl Hall, from Thorndale, about 50 miles away from West, was one of the rescue workers helping with the house to house search.  "People's lives are devastated here. It's hard to imagine," Hall said.  The explosion apparently was touched off by a fire, but it remained unclear what sparked the blaze. A team from the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives still had not been able to begin investigating the scene Thursday because it remained unsafe, agency spokeswoman Franceska Perot said.  The West Fertilizer Co. facility stores and distributes anhydrous ammonia, a fertilizer that can be directly injected into soil, and a blender and mixer of other fertilizers.  Records reviewed by The Associated Press show the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration fined West Fertilizer $10,000 last summer for safety violations that included planning to transport anhydrous ammonia without a security plan. An inspector also found the plant's ammonia tanks weren't properly labeled.  The government accepted $5,250 after the company took what it described as corrective actions, the records show. It is not unusual for companies to negotiate lower fines with regulators.  In a risk-management plan filed with the Environmental Protection Agency about a year earlier, the company said it was not handling flammable materials and did not have sprinklers, water-deluge systems, blast walls, fire walls or other safety mechanisms in place at the plant. 

This aerial photo shows the remains of a fertilizer plant destroyed by an explosion and an emergency responders vehicle, bottom left, in West, Texas, Thursday, April 18, 2013. Rescuers searched the smoking remnants for survivors of Wednesday night's thunderous fertilizer plant explosion, gingerly checking smashed houses and apartments for anyone still trapped in debris while the community awaited word on the number of dead. (AP Photo/Tony Gutierrez)
/

Tony Gutierrez

 State officials require all facilities that handle anhydrous ammonia to have sprinklers and other safety measures because it is a flammable substance, according to Mike Wilson, head of air permitting for the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality.  But inspectors would not necessarily check for such mechanisms, and it's not known whether they did when the West plant was last inspected in 2006, said Ramiro Garcia, head of enforcement and compliance.  That inspection followed a complaint about a strong ammonia smell, which the company resolved by obtaining a new permit, said the commission's executive director Zak Covar. He said no other complaints had been filed with the state since then, so there haven't been additional inspections.  The Rev. Ed Karasek told the hundreds gathered at Thursday's church service that the community needed time to heal.  "I know that every one of us is in shock," Karasek said. "We don't know what to think."  "Our town of West will never be the same, but we will persevere."   © 2013 The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed.    
Popular on CBSNews.com






The act of defiance that transformed college basketball
In 1963, a handshake between the captains of Mississippi State and Loyola men's basketball teams changed the game forever 





America's 50 most prominent families named
Take a look at the families named Most Powerful, Most Creative, Most Generous, Most Enduring and Most Inspiring 



 








End game for Boston bomber suspect
40 Photos 




Police: Shots fired at Colo. pot holiday gathering
168 Comments 





Boston bombing suspect hiding in boat
5 Photos 





Photo of suspect caught on boat in backyard
Play Video 




FBI interviewed dead Boston bombing suspect years ago
371 Comments 




Did FBI miss chance to stop Boston bombers?
152 Comments 




The boxing career of Tamerlan Tsarnaev
20 Photos 






After a week of terror, Boston exhales
18 Photos 



     

 

      28 Comments Add a Comment       linkicon reporticon emailicon  Cowdogpete says: This facility was built on the edge of town, near the railroad tracks, decades ago. It was not a "plant", it was a distribution point. They purchased large quantities of fertilizer and sold it in smaller bulk quantities to local farmers. There is one like in almost every small town from Texas to North Dakota, and all across small farming communities.They are often started by farming families that set aside some farm land to build on. Or buy Co-ops of area farmers. This particular facility was licensed to store up to 25 tons of Ammonium Nitrate. I have not heard a number of how much was on hand at the time of the explosion, but being spring, I'd bet it was on the high side of their capacity.Towns grow. Communities expand. Most of the homes were built prior to zoning laws, which many communities this size didnt have 30 years ago. Schools get built where there is affordable land. If the land is not zoned as you want it, a simple appeal is usually all it takes to get an abatement.Ammonium Nitrate is highly regulated. So stop squelaing about there not being any oversight. This is the same chemical used in the Oklahoma Federal Building bombing, which created TONS of new regulation and oversight. Dont beleive me? Go down to your local co-op and try to buy some. And NEWSTER902LO, you seem to be the one that needs help. Whether God exists or not is open to a polite debate. Some beleive, some dont. Your hostility seems to indicate you hold some animosity towards God.... to hate something that much must mean you think its real.     reply        rzarc2 replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  A+ Nice response and information.            jdbholmes replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  @COWDOGPETE that is indeed really good information .Here is the problem "West fertilizer plant said in report that it presented no risk" http://www.dallasnews.com/news/state/headlines/20130417-west-fertilizer-plant-said-in-report-that-it-presented-no-risk.ece .               linkicon reporticon emailicon  vernique3 says: Someone should be held accountable for this tragedy. Businesses seem to be able to kill and maim their workers and others without being held accountable but an individual is executed for killing and maiming another person. In our corporate democracy the cards are stacked in favor of businesses and white collar crime and exploitation is acceptable under the rational that they provide jobs. No big outrage over the people killed and harmed in Texas and this is outrageous.     reply        Cowdogpete replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  It's called an accident. Tragic, but still an accident. If a child runs in front of your car and you hit it, its an accident. You will not be charged. (if you dont run away)You seem to think this was a huge company. Its not, the owner likely had less than 5 employees. It was an accident.If you want to point fingers, point them at the folks that built homes next to an existing fertilizer dealer. This was not white collar crime, or business exploiting workers. It was an ACCIDENT!            lloydbest1 replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  To COWDOGPETE:Yes it looks very much like an accident. But there has to be some kind of accountability. Something."Sh-t happens" is not acceptable. Ever.Your analogy of the child being killed on the street is correct as far as it goes. But the motorist will STILL pay a price. Either (s)he will be sued, the insurance will settle or he'll have nightmares for years - but a price WILL be paid. It must.I have hear a lot about "lack of oversight", "de-regulation", corporate "privilege" as alluded by VERNIQUE3 above and other statements that either condemn the condition or assign blame. Blame is not the issue. Even "responsibility" is not the issue. I suspect as do you, this outfit was run by a small operator or an individual and the poor schmo was simply trying to make do. If there was true negligence, we don't yet know about it and there doesn't appear to be any willful playing fast 'n' loose with the regs.But "accountability IS an issue. Even if all that's done is a settlement by insurance and a thorough investigation as to cause and the learning took from it to insure this never happens again; we need an accounting. Someone or other needs to say, "We screwed up and we now know why and will make sure it never happens again".               linkicon reporticon emailicon  angelosdaughter says: My question would be, why was a fertilizer plant permitted in a residential area? If it was there first, then the area should not have been approved for any kind of residential development, schools, nursing homes, etc.     reply         linkicon reporticon emailicon  Newster9O2lO says: The Rev. Ed Karasek told the hundreds gathered at Thursday's church service that the community needed time to heal.Right, and going to a church to worship an invisible fraud who knew this would happen, stood by and LET it, and now you are worshipping this fraud and looking for COMFORT from it???"I know that every one of us is in shock," Karasek said. "We don't know what to think."I do- you right wingers going to a church to WORSHIP and pray to the very fraud who stood by and LET this happen, murder by proxy is beyond daft, it's a sign of a mental illness and people who have some kind of self esteem and co-dependency problem.     reply        tejas59 replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  you are one disturbed individual...where's your sense of compassion? If this is what non-believers espouse, I'll take religion any day of the week...            Raptorsmasher replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  Hey Newster9o2lo, I don't buy into this jesus stuff either, but a lot of people do. They go to church, pray to their god, and it makes themn feel good. What's wrong with that? We are all traveling down the same freeway of life, and some of us are just in different lanes. Let it go.         See all 4 Replies         linkicon reporticon emailicon  edmundo22 says: the checks in the federal mail,rick...     reply         linkicon reporticon emailicon  ntwhite1 says: Does anyone know what was there first? The plant or the schools?     reply         linkicon reporticon emailicon  KPeters_from_UK says: I had asked yesterday whythe plant was built right on the edge of a school? Or why was the school built next to the plant. I couldn't believe that someone thought a fertilizer plant yards away from a school was a good idea.EMPIREGEORGE____-------_ replies: Why would it matter ? are adults outside of school or not near a school somehow expendable ??? killing people not near a school = ok.....near a school = not ok.I in turned, KPETERS_FROM_UK replies: Seriously George?You have to question my post? It is a freakin school ...with kids...our most precious treasures... a building FILLED with hundreds of kids...a fertilizer plant with prior violations....oh forget it. You are hopeless.Today, it turns out that the plant was holding the same chemicals that were used in the Oklahoma bombing. I wonder if EmpireGeorge still doesn't think it's a big deal that the plant was right next door to a school.     reply         linkicon reporticon emailicon  7lucky_seven- says: No words can express the loss these folks are suffering.     reply         linkicon reporticon emailicon  inthemidwest says: Condolences to the families of the 12 people who lost their lives--particularly the firefighters who were volunteers. Thankfully, the elementary school was not in session. I hope Texas (and Texans) get a clue and never allow a plant such as this one to be built across the street from a school and so close to neighborhoods where people live. With all the land available in Texas on which to build, it mystifies me why this plant was built in this location. Greed, perhaps, and profits first, before people? It is Texas, after all.     reply        7lucky_seven- replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  The plant has been there since the 50's. And it is really more of a storage facility than a plant.               linkicon reporticon emailicon  Caroler0 says: The President should have addressed the business practices of these plants. OSHA does not have the manpower to do checks. They are getting away with murder. Obama is asleep at the wheel. He seem to react after the fact.     reply        ReadItForYourself replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  Obama was asleep at the wheel?? Texas politicians where asleep at the wheel. This plant should have been closed down.            Bockreiter replies:   linkicon reporticon emailicon  Sure, Blame Obama.If he doesn't allocate funds for tighter control he's asleep at the wheel, and if he does he's a socialist with too big a government.How about blaming the management of the Fertilizer Plant? They are the ones who are responsible for operating a fertilizer plant and for the operational safety. And I'm not saying they were negligent, but that would be a much better start to look for someone to blame.           See all 28 Comments     Add a Comment      Submit Comment          Click here to add another comment.   The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.         Reply to Comment          Submit Comment Cancel    The posting of advertisements, profanity, or personal attacks is prohibited. By using this Web site you agree to accept our Terms of Service. Click here to read the Rules of Engagement.     Report offensive content: If you believe this comment is offensive or violates the CBSNews.com Terms of Use, you can report it below (this will not automatically remove the comment). Once reported, our staff will be notified and the comment will be reviewed. Select type of offense:  Offensive: Sexually explicit or offensive language  Spam: Advertisements, commercial links, or repetitive posts  Disruptive posting: Flaming or offending other users  Illegal activities: Promote cracked software, or other illegal content  Off-topic: Commentary unrelated to the storyline Comments (optional):       Report Cancel     E-mail this comment to a friend. E-mail this to:  Your e-mail address:   Send me a copy of this message Note: Your e-mail address is used only to let the recipient know who sent the e-mail and in case of transmission error. Neither your address nor the recipients's address will be used for any other purpose. Add your own personal message: (Optional) Hi, I found this user's comment on CBSNews.com and thought you might be interested in reading it.      Send e-mail Cancel          


         Most Popular
	


01

Hubble telescope takes stunning new nebula photo
84454 views



02

Police: Shots fired at Colo. pot holiday gathering
63752 views



03

Boston bombing suspect in serious condition
33217 views



04

Boston bombing suspect might have died if not found
28101 views



05

Photo of suspect caught on boat in backyard
25792 views






Scroll Left
Scroll Right






play
Video
Crowd applauds capture of Boston bombing suspect






play
Video
Police used thermal imaging to find Boston suspect in boat






play
Video
Tamerlan Tsarnaev was a boxer; trained for the "Golden Gloves"







Most Shared




Boston bomings suspect Dzhokhar Tsarnaev bled for hours from neck, leg wounds, "might not have lived" if not found
2244 shares





Hubble telescope takes stunning new nebula photo for 23rd birthday
2202 shares





Meeting Jodi Arias: First impressions never lie, or do they?
1765 shares





FBI interviewed dead Boston bombing suspect years ago
1343 shares






Scroll Left
Scroll Right






18
Photos
After a week of terror, Boston exhales






40
Photos
End game for Boston bomber suspect






26
Photos
Photos of the week






55
Photos
Texas fertilizer plant explosion






34
Photos
Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Induction 2013







Most Discussed


411

Boston Marathon bomb suspect in custody after standoff



335

Boy Scouts proposing to lift gay ban for youth, keep ban for adult leaders



371

FBI interviewed dead Boston bombing suspect years ago



168

Police: Shots fired at Colo. pot holiday gathering



152

Did the FBI miss a chance to stop Tamerlan Tsarnaev?



                         CBSNews.com Site Map Video Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers Internships Development Programs   CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning   Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Mobile CBS Radio News CBS Local   CBS News  Copyright © 2013 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.                   
          

    