The look of love: Book says passion apparent in a woman's eyes within 45 seconds of seeing love-interest  - NY Daily News 











                  Sunday, April 21, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Health         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     More of Living :   Health     Homes     Food     Horoscopes     Comics     Living Pics     Fashion Pics     Blogs       Photos     Video    Autos    
          Health     
  The look of love: Book says passion apparent in a woman's eyes within 45 seconds of seeing love-interest  If a woman stares back or looks over the man's head, attraction may not be there      By   Larry Mcshane   AND    Kerry Burke     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Saturday, March 17, 2012, 1:49 AM                 Print            Print  Comment             
	The new book "More Than Just Sex" says a woman's attraction to a man can be detected in her gaze.
    
	Love at first sight really does exist — just don’t blink.

	The look of passion in a smitten woman’s eyes is obvious within 45 seconds of those first furtive glances at a potential suitor, according to a new book.

	And the biggest green light for a love connection is when a lady demurely looks down, then slowly sweeps her eyes across the floor.

	“It’s the holy grail of looks,” author and life coach Ali Campbell told London’s Daily Mail. “It is a great indication that the female is interested.

	“If a guy can pick up on that, he has a sure-fire way to work out if she is interested.”

	Campbell, author of the book “More Than Sex,” says there are other looks that spell certain doom — and they’re obvious in under a minute, too.

	Sure signs of a brushoff: When a woman stares directly back or shoots a look over the man’s head.

	“That’s a bad sign,” warned Campbell, who advised men who get that treatment to turn attention elsewhere.

	Some cynical New Yorkers rubbed their eyes in disbelief at Campbell’s premise that seeing is believing when it comes to instant love.

Sam Kaur, 20, of Queens, said mutual attraction involves more than just what someone does with their eyes.

	“It’s lust at first sight,” she said. “It’s really about being physical — not anything personal.”

	But Annette Nunez, 54, said she believed in the first-sight phenomena — because it once happened to her. “I married a guy 20 years ago, and it was love at first sight,” she recalled. “When I looked at him, I was frozen.”

	Two weeks later, they were engaged, and went on to have two kids. There was only one problem: Her hubby had a wandering eye, and the union didn’t last.

Kerry Burke and Larry McShane
  
 Post a Comment » 

   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments       
    Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Prada launches creative writing contest     2   Lance Armstrong buys new Austin house days after selling mansion      3   Jemima Kirke in same-sex kiss for bridal lookbook     4   Ohio Catholic school teacher fired after being outed as gay     5   SEE IT: Lauren Conrad splurges on $3.7 million pad     6   App allows users to 'study' 69 sexual positions in 3D     7   Durex launches vibrating underwear     8   Dove beauty experiment with forensic artist      9   ER docs worked to save marathon bomber Tamerlan Tsarnaev's life     10   'Wonder pug' sniffs out owner's breast cancer         1   Your Dreams: Analysis by Lauren Lawrence     2   New booking service Vimbly is one-stop activity shopping     3   Travel Deals & Steals     4   Daily Checkup: A key to kidney transplants     5   For single-cup coffeemakers, cheaper's better     6   Vinegars give New York City cocktails kick     7   Eating Along the 4 Line: Brooklyn Bridge-City Hall     8   South African safari lodge delivers on comforts and creatures     9   Teen saves teammate’s life with CPR learned just 1 day earlier     10   Durex launches vibrating underwear                  Editor's Picks    Queens woman survived year of ‘hell’ from abusive boyfriend and is now social media whiz      For about a year, Jennifer Spivak lived a double life. In 2011, the then-City College senior had a near-perfect GPA and job prospects.     Members of century-old boaters club on Long Island Sound rarin' to fish           At the end of a dead end road, behind the short soft hills of the Bicentennial Veterans Memorial Park in Throgs Neck, a small blue building housing the Bronxonia yacht club sits at the edge of the Long Island Sound.     Yes, now is the time to move Madison Square Garden      Cipolla and Yaro: The daunting challenge to create a new Penn Station should not be trivialized as nostalgic regret about the fate of the old Penn Station. We and others who want to reimagine it — and Madison Square Garden — understand full well that the old Penn Station is no more.      Why Mr. Smith never appeared      Warren: "Shame on us!” proclaimed a peeved Sen. Dianne Feinstein (D-Calif.).     The right to remain alive      In accord with the wise principle that the U.S. Constitution is not a suicide pact, the FBI has chosen to question Boston Marathon bomber Dzokhar Tsarnaev without first reading him the Miranda warnings about his right to remain silent and have a lawyer present.
            
         
           How terrorists are born     Silber: To most Americans, the nature of the diabolical events that occurred early last week in Boston are difficult to fathom and utterly illogical.      Jamaica-USA rivalry due at  2013 Penn Relays       LET’S SET the record — or records — straight when it comes to Jamaican scholastic track-and-field athletes at the Penn Relays in Philadelphia.
           April 21:  The Rockaway line, Boston terror and guns     Long Beach, L.I.: As we rebuild after Hurricane Sandy, what investments in infrastructure are appropriate? One vital solution is the reactivation of the Rockaway Beach Rail Line of the Long Island Rail Road, inactive since 1962.     Nets play borough's first postseason game since 1956     New York City has a new hoops headquarters — and it’s in Brooklyn.     Wallace fills role and hoop      For nearly a month, P.J. Carlesimo remained publicly confident in Gerald Wallace, the Nets’ $40 million small forward who had been struggling and lost confidence. Wallace was still hustling and doing all the little things, but he was coming up small in one very big category: points.     Amazing Kreskin sings the praises of Jimmy Fallon      Famed mentalist The Amazing Kreskin sees big things for Jimmy Fallon when he takes over “The Tonight Show.” The always-touring soothsayer also says he doesn’t see Jay Leno doing a disappearing act anytime soon.     New booking service Vimbly is one-stop activity shopping           Sick of brunch and bad movies? A new booking service can help you beat boredom without breaking the bank. 

      Test-driving a Ferrari, dueling with daggers, and making perfume are among the eclectic activities available on Vimbly.com.      South African safari lodge delivers on comforts and creatures     Things were quiet in the South African savanna around nightfall, when suddenly the driver of our jeep got a call on his walkie-talkie.     Daily News Summer Movie Preview: Independent films           It’s a summer of road trips, starting with the road itself in 
            
               “Prince Avalanche.”
            
          In the gently surreal comedy, Paul Rudd and Emile Hirsch slowly paint divider lines on a highway.      Redford on 'All the President's Men Revisited'     At first, it might seem weird to include movie stars in a documentary about the nation’s greatest political scandal. But for “All the President’s Men Revisited,” it’s a natural if the stars are Robert Redford and Dustin Hoffman, who played Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein in the iconic film “All the President’s Men.”      Free & Cheap New York for week of April 21, 2013     Start your day at the Walter Reade Theater with “Calmus, Vocal Ensemble: Sunday Morning Coffee Concerts.” The performance will include selections from “Five Flower Songs” to German folk tunes and songs inspired by Shakespeare.      
​



Daily News
Photographers

Click to See Galleries


       
  


   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   