Why did West, Texas, build homes and a school next to a 'time bomb'? - CSMonitor.com






 Skip to: Content
	Skip to: Site Navigation
	Skip to: Search



















Search







World


USA


Commentary


Business


Energy/Environment


Innovation


Science


Culture


Books










All USA
Politics
Elections
DC Decoder
Foreign Policy
Justice
Military
Society
Education
Sports
USA Update
Latest News Wires





				Sign up for FREE E-Newsletters: 
			 


Daily Top Stories
Weekend Edition
Change Agent
Books
BizTech
Opinion & Commentary
Politics
Food (Stir It Up!)
Science




 







Subscribe and save 75
%


 













Advertisements




















Why did West, Texas, build homes and a school next to a 'time bomb'?

The town of West, Texas, and the West Fertilizer Company grew and prospered together. But profit motives, a sense of civic trust and Catch-22 zoning laws failed to recognize the danger brought to light when the plant exploded this week with the force of a small nuclear bomb.

							By 
		
	
				
					            				
	Patrik Jonsson, Staff writer /
						April 20, 2013
		











Volunteers organize donated goods at the WestFest grounds on Friday for any West, Texas residents who are in need after a fertilizer plant explosion earlier this week.
Ron T. Ennis/The Fort Worth Star-Telegram/AP


Enlarge










0 





WEST, Texas


Some residents of this small Texas town didn't pay too much attention to an evening fire at the West Fertilizer Company, with some grilling hot dogs on a nice spring evening in a neighborhood just across the railroad tracks from the plant.
Skip to next paragraph










In Pictures: Explosion at a fertilizer factory in West, Texas









Related stories




  Everyday heroes: 10 tales of American heroes




Texas fertilizer plant tragedy: Fallen firefighters 'showed their dedication'




Volunteer firefighting force decimated in Texas fertilizer plant explosion




Texas fertilizer plant: Why was the blast so enormous?











Subscribe Today to the Monitor
Click Here for your FREE 30 DAYS ofThe Christian Science MonitorWeekly Digital Edition

 

But others received panicked phone calls, including one that said: "Y'all need to get out of there – now!"Minutes later, in the case of one resident who scrambled toward his truck, the plant blew up, killing at least 14 people – many of them first responders – injuring 200, and destroying some 80 homes. Residents stumbling around in the aftermath described a sickening war zone – houses afire, alarms shrieking, and neighbors bloodied and prone.  			RECOMMENDED: 																																																																																				Everyday heroes: 10 tales of American heroes  But what became striking to many Americans as the tragedy unfolded and the immense power of the blast came to be understood is why anyone allowed homes, a school and a nursing home to be built next to a plant that in large quantities stores derivatives of ammonia, one of the most explosive substances on the planet?History certainly was no guide. After all, ammonia has been the key accelerant in some of the world's largest industrial accidents, including an explosion that killed hundreds in Toulouse, France, in 2001, and a 1947 blast that killed nearly 600 people in Texas City, Texas. The bomb assembled and planted by Timothy McVeigh next to the Alfred P. Murrah Building in Oklahoma City in 1995 was fueled primarily by ammonium nitrate.A 2008 report by the Center for American Progress called a Pasadena, Texas, fertilizer plant one of the most dangerous chemical plants in the country, since an accident there could make more than 3 million people vulnerable to a major gas release.  Want your top political issues explained? Get customized DC Decoder updates. Against that backdrop, the question of why so close, at least in part, cuts to the heart of the civic pact of many American towns, both large and small, where industry and people forge a sort of mutualism that recognizes the symbiotic benefits of labor and profit, and fuels civic pride. After all, small towns from upstate New York to the Texas Panhandle have a similar motif, where a few industries, often near or in town, infuse economic vitality and give young people a reason to stay.

1 | 2 | 3


							Next
							






About these ads








Get free daily or weekly news updates from CSMonitor.com delivered to your inbox. Sign up today. 









 










Subscribe The Christian Science Monitor Today!
 


Read Comments

View reader comments | Comment on this story




					These comments are not screened before publication. Constructive debate about the above story is welcome, but personal attacks are not. Please do not post comments that are commercial in nature or that violate any copyright[s]. Comments that we regard as obscene, defamatory, or intended to incite violence will be removed. If you find a comment offensive, you may flag it.
				


						If you have questions about comments or comment policy, check out our FAQ page.
					

						When posting a comment, you agree to our Terms of Service.
					









 USA




Boston Marathon bombings: tips for calming kids' fears after tragedies




 World




Former Palestinian prisoners once jailed for murder, now dole out dessert




 The Culture




American Idol: With time running out, did the judges use their save?




 Science




Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.




 Innovation




Google Glass tester? Don't dare try to sell your new toy.




 Energy/Environment




Nebraska hearing vitrifies Keystone XL pipeline debate  




 World




Rhino head heist: Half a million euros' worth stolen from Irish museum




 World




Israeli archaeologist finds common ground underneath Sinai's shifting sands




 Innovation




NASA Space Apps Challenge aims for worldwide collaboration





Making a Difference

Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver
 


Innovation

Data-driven HDTV comparisons
 


Autos

Data-driven car comparisons
 












Weekly review of global news and ideas
Balanced, insightful and trustworthy
Subscribe in print or digital

Special Offer

Print
Digital
 


 







About these ads 











Could you pass a US citizenship test? Find out.





Most viewed





			Florist sued again for refusing to provide flowers for gay wedding
	


Provo, the city of 'Silicon Slopes,' named as third Google fiber site 


Immigration reform and Boston bombing: why some make a connection



			'Downton Abbey' season 4: Creator and cast talk what's ahead
	


40 iPhone tips and tricks everyone should know



 




In Pictures:



A dramatic capture after the Boston Marathon tragedy











CSMonitor.com on Facebook

 













Editors' picks:








Planet hunting: How MIT's TESS will bring search for life closer to home
 Scientists with MIT's TESS project hope to build on the lessons of the successful Kepler planet-hunting mission and find planetary systems close enough for telescopes to study in detail. 

Briefing:
Chechnya: How a remote Russian republic became linked with terrorism


London Marathon organizers pledge to keep calm and carry on


USA Update

			Florist sued again for refusing to provide flowers for gay wedding
	


Livable super-Earths? Two candidates among Kepler's latest finds.



 





About these ads 




Doing Good
 


What happens when ordinary people decide to pay it forward? Extraordinary change...




Paul Giniès is the general manager of the International Institute for Water and Environmental Engineering (2iE) in Burkina Faso, which trains more than 2,000 engineers from more than 30 countries each year.


Paul Giniès turned a failing African university into a world-class problem-solver

Today 2iE is recognized as a 'center of excellence' producing top-notch home-grown African engineers ready to address the continent's problems.

 

 





Become part of the Monitor community






























About these ads



Home
About
Content Map
Contact Us
Subscribe
E-Readers
Text
Specials
Multimedia
Make Us Your Home Page


Careers
Corrections
Find us online
Advertise With Us
Articles on Christian Science



© The Christian Science Monitor. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy.
	





























 

 
 
 
 




