Explosion in West, Texas: 5 to 15 people dead, dozens of homes destroyed - San Jose Mercury News



Part of the Bay Area News Group















eEdition / Subscriber Services
Mobile | 
				Mobile Alerts | 
				RSS













NEWS

photo galleries
breaking news
elections
obituaries
crime and courts
bay area news
data center
science / environment
earthquakes
Politics - Local /State
Politics - National
california
nation / world
special reports
education
traffic
weather
weird news



PHOTOS

news photos
tech photos
sports photos
entertainment photos
living photos
images of the day



BUSINESS

real estate
green energy
special reports
financial markets
personal finance
venture capital
drive / automotive
sectors
press releases
top workplaces



TECH

news
opinion
sectors
companies
personal tech



SPORTS

49ers
raiders
giants
a's
sharks
warriors
olympics high schools
colleges
cal
stanford
SJSU
SCU
quakes
sabercats
golf
other sports
scores / stats
buy team gear



ENTERTAINMENT

celebrities
restaurants
movies
television
music
horoscopes
comics
puzzles / games
video games
lottery
events
theater / dance
museums / galleries
books 


LIVING

food & wine
health
home design / garden
travel
family & relationships
fashion & style
pets & wildlife
green living
faith
brides



OPINION

columns
editorials
letters
blogs
discussion boards
web votes
article comments
live chats



PUBLICATIONS

San Mateo County Times
Palo Alto Daily News
Silicon Valley Community Newspapers:
Campbell Reporter
Cupertino Courier
Fremont Bulletin
Los Gatos Weekly Times
Milpitas Post
Pacifica Tribune
Saratoga News
Sunnyvale Sun
Willow Glen Resident
Rose Garden Resident
Almaden Resident
Cambrian Resident



MY TOWN

san jose
los gatos
saratoga
cupertino
sunnyvale
campbell
peninsula
central coast
pacifica
san mateo county
milpitas
fremont
alameda county



HELP

contact us
site map
faq
start / stop paper
advertising
buy photos
ethics policy
past articles






SHOPPING

newspaper ads online
special sections




CLASSIFIED




REAL ESTATE

apartments
commercial properties
mortgage rates
list a home



CARS

find a car
find a dealer
sell a car
newspaper ads online



JOBS

post a job
post your resume
top workplaces
virtual job fair 
find a job
Education news
Education to Careers














Site

Web Search by YAHOO!


































Related Topic Pages

Iran
Iraq
Immigration







Tweet







Print  
                            Email  
							 Font ResizeExplosion in West, Texas: 5 to 15 people dead, dozens of homes destroyedBy John L. Mone and Michael BrickAssociated PressAssociated PressPosted:
						 
						04/18/2013 06:15:34 AM PDTApril 18, 2013 6:53 PM GMTUpdated:
								 
								04/18/2013 11:53:36 AM PDT






PHOTO GALLERY > View more images in this slideshow  | Mercury News Media Center

Related StoriesApr 18:West, Texas fertilizer blast: Live blog coverage of explosion aftermathWest, Texas Videos: Raw and other video of the fertilizer plant fire and blastWhat makes fertilizer so dangerous?Fertilizer plant explosion: Timeline of eventsWatch: Fertilizer plant explosion in West, TexasReactions: Fertilizer plant explosion in West TexasApr 17:Texas fertilizer plant explosion injures dozens near WacoWEST, Texas -- Rescue workers searched the smoldering ruins of a fertilizer plant Thursday for survivors of a monstrous explosion that leveled homes and businesses in every direction across the Texas prairie. As many as 15 people were feared dead and more than 160 others injured. Daybreak revealed a breathtaking band of destruction extending outward from the West Fertilizer Co. in this small farming community about 20 miles north of Waco. The thunderous blast was so powerful that it shook the ground with the strength of a small earthquake and could be heard dozens of miles away. Searchers "have not gotten to the point of no return where they don't think that there's anybody still alive," Waco police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton said. He did not know how many people had been rescued. There was no indication the blast was anything other than an industrial accident, he said. The explosion rained burning embers and debris down on terrified residents. It leveled a four-block area around the plant, badly damaging or destroying up to 75 houses, a 50-unit apartment complex, a middle school and a nursing home. All that remained of one home was the fireplace and chimney. Several buildings with smashed roofs and leveled walls still were smoking Thursday morning. Firm information was hard to come by in the hours after the blast, and entry into the town was slow-going as the roads were jammed with emergency vehicles. Authorities Advertisementthemselves had trouble entering the heart of the blast zone. "It's still too hot to get in there," said Franceska Perot, a spokeswoman for the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms. Among those believed to be dead were three to five volunteer firefighters and a law enforcement officer. The many injuries included broken bones, bruises, lacerations, respiratory distress, and some head injuries and minor burns. Five people were reported in intensive care. In the hours after the blast, residents wandered the dark, windy streets searching for shelter. Among them was Julie Zahirniako, who said she and her son, Anthony, had been at a school playground near the plant when the explosion hit. The explosion threw her son four feet in the air, breaking his ribs. She said she saw people running from the nursing home, and the roof of the school lifted into the sky. "Hit the ground, hit the ground," Zahirniako heard a neighbor yell. "The fire was so high," she said. "It was just as loud as it could be. The ground and everything was shaking." William Burch and his wife, a retired Air Force nurse, entered the damaged nursing home before first-responders arrived. They split up, searched separate View West Fertilizer Co.  in a larger mapwings and found residents in wheelchairs trapped in their rooms. The halls were dark, and the ceilings had collapsed. Water filled the hallways. Electrical wires hung eerily from the ceilings. "They had Sheetrock that was on top of them. You had to remove that," Burch said. It was "completely chaotic." Authorities said the plant made materials similar to those used in the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing. West Mayor Tommy Muska told reporters that his city of about 2,800 people needs "your prayers." "We've got a lot of people who are hurt, and there's a lot of people, I'm sure, who aren't going to be here tomorrow," Muska said. "We're going to search for everybody. We're going make sure everybody's accounted for. That's the most important thing right now." At the Hillcrest Baptist Medical Hospital in Waco, elderly people were wheeled in on stretchers. A man in a wheelchair with his T-shirt covered in blood winced as teams tended to his wounds. About a half-hour before the blast, the town's volunteer firefighters had responded to a call at the plant, Swanton said. They immediately realized the potential for disaster because of the plant's chemical stockpile and began evacuating the area around the plant. The blast happened 20 minutes later. Muska, who was among the firefighters, said it knocked off his fire helmet and blew out the doors and windows of his nearby home. The main fire was under control late Wednesday, but residents A smashed car sits in front of an apartment complex destroyed by an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, as firefighters conduct a search and rescue Thursday, April 18, 2013. A massive explosion at the West Fertilizer Co. Wednesday night killed as many as 15 people and injured more than 160, officials said overnight. (AP Photo/LM Otero) (LM Otero)were urged to remain indoors because of the threat of new explosions or leaks of ammonia from the plant. Firefighters used flashlights to search the still-burning skeleton of an apartment complex that was all but destroyed. A flood-lit football field was initially used as a staging area, then other triage centers sprung up around the blast site. First-responders evacuated 133 patients from the nursing home, some in wheelchairs. Many were dazed and panicked and did not know what happened. Erick Perez was playing basketball at a nearby school when the fire started. He and his friends thought nothing of it at first, but about a half-hour later, the smoke changed color. The blast threw him, his nephew and others to the ground and showered the area with hot embers, shrapnel and debris. "The explosion was like nothing I've ever seen before," Perez said. "This town is hurt really bad." The U.S. Chemical Safety Board said it was deploying a large investigation team to West. An ATF national response team that investigates all large fires and explosions was also expected, bringing fire investigators, certified explosives specialists, chemists, canines and forensic specialists. American Red Cross crews from across Texas also headed to the scene to help evacuated residents. There were no immediate details on the number of people who work at the plant, which was cited by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality in 2006 for failing to obtain or to qualify for a permit. The agency acted after receiving a complaint in June of that year of a strong ammonia smell. In 2001, an explosion at a chemical and fertilizer plant killed 31 people and injured more than 2,000 in Toulouse, France. The blast occurred in a hangar containing 300 tons of ammonium nitrate, which can be used for both fertilizer and explosives. The explosion came 10 days after the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks in the U.S., and raised fears at the time it was linked. A 2006 report blamed the blast on negligence. ------ Associated Press writers Schuyler Dixon, Nomaan Merchant and Terry Wallace in Dallas, and Betsy Blaney in Lubbock, contributed to this report. Copyright 2013 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed.Print  
                            Email  
							 Font ResizeReturn to Top  
	














• FAQ: Article commenting how-tos and tips








Nation & World »

Egypt resumes hot air balloon sightseeingIraqis counting votes from provincial electionsCondition of Indian girl, 5, improves after rapeIsrael: Gaza militants fired from Sinai last weekGunfire erupts at Colo. pot event, 2 woundedPalestinians hold first Bethlehem marathonPakistan: Bomb kills 4 soldiers in volatile regionKing's song scrapped after online criticism 








 Latest headlines


View RSS feed


 Related content

Other politics and government

Most ViewedMost E-Mailed(From the last 12 hours)Editors' Picks: Top stories on MercuryNews.comSan Francisco 49ers have lots of picks, options in NFL draftSleek new trail opens through heart of San Jose, connecting downtown...Oakland Raiders: Defensive tackle a favorite for Raiders with third...Golden State Warriors lean on their faith heading into playoffsDoctor: Boston suspect had so many wounds he couldn't tell which was...(From the last 12 hours)Solar Impulse plane lifts off from Moffett FieldPizarro: The Next Big Thing coming to downtown San JoseReview: A delightful 'Persuasion' at San Jose StageTwo who perished while scuba diving identified as San Jose coupleCalifornia bill would target fracking industry's water use











News Videos »



 




Top Classifieds

 






Copyright ©  - San Jose Mercury News

Place an Ad | 
About Our Ads | 
      Help/Contact | 
	   Site Map | 
	   Advertise | 
 Home Delivery | 
	  Copyright | 
	   Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | 
	  About MediaNews Group | 
	   RSS | 
	   Find San Jose jobs | 
Ethics Policy | About Bay Area News Group | 
	  






MediaNews Group - Bay Area News Group























Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright