Woman dragged into Queens parking lot and raped by group of men: cops  - NY Daily News 











                  Sunday, April 21, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Crime         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Crime     
  Woman dragged into Queens parking lot and raped by group of men: cops  Victim pinned down by two men while attacked    By   Joe Kemp     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Tuesday, December 6, 2011, 2:17 PM                 Print            Print             NYPD 
	The New York City Police Department is searching for three suspects wanted in connection with a rape in Queens.
    
	Cops are hunting for a group of men they say conspired to pin a woman down on a dark Queens street and rape her early Sunday.

	The 20-year-old woman was walking near Vernon Blvd. and 10th St. in the Hunter’s Point section of Long Island City when two men grabbed her and dragged her into a parking lot about 3:45 a.m., police said.

	As the two suspects held the woman down on the pavement between two parked cars, a third suspect raped her.

	Police described the third suspect as being in his late 20s, having blonde hair and blue eyes; and about 5-feet-10.

	After the coordinated attack, the trio fled, leaving the woman on the ground. She was later taken to a local hospital, where she was treated and released.

	Investigators ask anyone with information to call the NYPD’s Crime Stoppers hotline at (800) 577-TIPS. All calls are anonymous.
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Ads by Yahoo!               True Crime Stories  

      Justice Story: Chicago's 'Lady Luck' Catherine Cassler's dark run of death         Justice Story: 'Takes more than that to kill a Bull Moose'         Justice Story: The Yosemite Murders              Justice Story: Priest murders nun         Justice Story: 'Black Caesar' Frank Matthews           
 
            Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Friends of accused Boston bomber arrested     2   Dzhokhar Tsarnaev partied, went to gym days after bombing     3   Tamerlan Tsarnaev lost American friend to grisly murder     4   Wife's family of alleged Boston bomber express shock after his death     5   Teen tortured, abused in tiny room over 4 years          1   Friends of accused Boston bomber arrested     2   Tamerlan Tsarnaev lost American friend to grisly murder     3   Dzhokhar Tsarnaev partied, went to gym days after bombing     4   Wife's family of alleged Boston bomber express shock after his death     5   JP Morgan analyst convicted of stalking beautiful co-worker           

    Daily News Pix Crime      Murder Inc., the Five Families, John Gotti, 'Lucky' Lucchiano, Son of Sam... the Daily News has all the unforgettable crime photos you are looking for. Order yours today.     Buy A Photo           Crime Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   