Safety at small fertilizer plants not a Texas priority

147686468041


Optimum
News 12
Newsday.com
MSG Varsity
Explore LI
AM New York
Optimum Autos
Optimum Homes













 



Subscribe to Newsday


Today's paper






Today's Paper / Archives »
Recent covers gallery »



My Newsday


Manage my account»
Subscribe to TV Weekly »


Subscribe to Newsday»
Manage my account»
Subscribe to TV Weekly »






Traffic alerts1



8:20 PM  In Suffolk Cnty accident cleared on The L.I.E./I-495 EB at X68/William Floyd Pkwy. Slow traffic from X67/Yaphank Ave (CR-21) in Yaphank
In Suffolk Cnty accident cleared on The L.I.E./I-495 EB at X68/William Floyd Pkwy. Slow traffic from X67/Yaphank Ave (CR-21) in Yaphank


view traffic »


Islip, NY 44°

Current conditions

44°
Hi 53° Lo 39°
Mostly Cloudy



  Radar
  

Humidity: 49%
Wind: SSW 5 mph
Barometer: 30.58 Hg

Full forecast
Hour-by-hour
Local map




Register
Log in


Hi  


Preferences
Newsletters
Log out











Long IslandCHANGE REGION

Change your region ?
Westchester / Rockland
Do you want to make Westchester / Rockland your default region? Yes No
You can change this selection at any time in your settings.


 
watched the Rangers knock the Devils out of playoff contention.




 


 
Long Island
Sports
Entertainment
News
Lifestyle
Business
Health
Opinion
Jobs
Cars
Real Estate
More 

Special sections 
Buy & Sell 
Place an ad
Legal Notices
Yellow Pages
Contest




LI business blog Mutual funds Markets Stocks LI business Tech Act 2 Autos Real Estate

Find us on Facebook
Follow Us on Twitter

  
 






 Business
Newsday 



Email
Print
Aa






Tweet
Google
Pin It
 
Safety at small fertilizer plants not a Texas priority

  
   	       Published: April 21, 2013 10:58 AM
      
      By JACK GILLUM AND RAMIT PLUSHNICK-MASTI
         The Associated Press    
 
 
     Photo credit: AP |      An aerial photo shows what  remains of a nursing home, left, apartment complex, center, and fertilizer plant, right, destroyed when a fire triggered a huge explosion at the plant in West, Texas. For small fertilizer plants in Texas safety is not a priority.   (April 18, 2013)     

 There were no sprinklers. No firewalls. No water deluge systems. Safety inspections were rare at the fertilizer company in West, Texas, that exploded and killed at least 14 people this past week. 
This is not unusual.
Small fertilizer plants nationwide fall under the purview of several government agencies, each with a specific concern and none required to coordinate with others on what they have found.
The small distributors -- there are as many of 1,150 in Texas alone -- are part of a regulatory system that focuses on large installations and industries, although many of the small plants contain enough agricultural chemicals to fuel a major explosion.
EXTREMELY HAZARDOUS SUBSTANCE
The plant in West had ammonium nitrate, the chemical used to build the bomb that blew up the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City in 1995, killing 168 people. According to a document filed in 2012 with the Texas Department of State Health Services, the maximum amount of this "extremely hazardous substance" the plant could store in one container was 90 tons, and the most it could have on site was 270 tons. It is unknown how much was on-site at any given time, or at the time of the explosion.
It was also authorized to handle up to 54,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia, a substance the Texas environmental agency considers flammable and potentially toxic.
"This type of facility is a minor source of air emissions," Environmental Quality Commission chief Ramiro Garcia told The Associated Press. "So the inspections are complaint driven. We usually look at more of the major facilities."
No federal agency determines how close a facility handling potentially dangerous substances can be to population centers, and in many states, including Texas, many of these decisions are left up to local zoning authorities. And in Texas, the state's minimal approach to zoning puts plants just yards away from schools, houses and other populated areas, as was the case in West.
3,000 FEET FROM A SCHOOL
That plant had received a special permit because it was less than 3,000 feet from a school. The damage from the blast destroyed an apartment complex, nursing home and houses in a four-block area.
State and federal investigators have not yet determined the cause of the disaster, which occurred Wednesday night after a fire broke out at the site after work hours. The explosion that followed could be heard miles away and was so powerful it registered as a small earthquake.
The West Fertilizer Co. stored, distributed and blended fertilizers for use by farmers around the Central Texas community. The plant opened in 1962 outside the rural town of 2,800, but development gradually crept closer. Wednesday night, residents and rescue workers tried to evacuate the area as the fire consumed the plant.
Plant owner Donald Adair said in a statement Friday he was cooperating with the investigation and expressed sympathy for the victims. He has not returned phone calls seeking comment.
Over the years, the fertilizer company was fined and cited for violations by federal and state agencies.
SMALL FINES AND WARNINGS
Last summer, the U.S. Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Administration assessed a $10,000 fine against West Fertilizer for improperly labeling storage tanks and preparing to transfer chemicals without a security plan. The company paid $5,250 after reporting it had corrected the problems.
The U.S. Environmental Protection Agency also cited the plant for not having an up-to-date risk management plan. That problem was also resolved, and the company submitted a new plan in 2011. That plan, however, said the company did not believe it was storing or handling any flammable substances and didn't list fire or an explosion as a danger.
EPA spokesman David Gray said in Dallas that the company's plan identified a worst-case scenario as an accidental release of all 54,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia, which at room temperature is a gas.
"This scenario is a plausible worse-case scenario as gaseous anhydrous ammonia can be lethal," Gray said.
The risk management plan also did not cite a possible explosion of ammonium nitrate, the solid granular fertilizer stored at the site. But that would not be unusual, he said, because ammonium nitrate is not regulated under the Clean Air Act.
PLANT MANAGERS SAW NO RISK
The plant's plan said there was no risk of fire or explosion and noted it had no sprinklers, water deluge or other safety mechanisms installed.
"We do not yet know what happened at this facility. The ongoing investigation will inform us on the plan's adequacy," Gray said.
The Texas Commission on Environmental Quality also dealt with the company and issued a permit for handling anhydrous ammonia, which requires safety equipment the company had told the EPA it didn't have. But the agency acknowledged it may never have checked to confirm the equipment was there.
"It's a minor source under the Clean Air Act so it doesn't get much scrutiny at all," said Neil Carman, a Sierra Club clean air expert and chemist who used to work for the environmental quality commission.
The company's last contact with regulation may have come as recently as April 5, when the Texas Office of the State Chemist inspected the plant. But that agency focuses mostly on ensuring that commercial fertilizers are properly labeled and blended, said Roger Hoestenbach, the office's associate director. His inspectors found no problems, he said, but they would not have checked for safety systems such as sprinklers. That office also provided the company with the required license to store and handle ammonia nitrate and renewed it in September after a summer inspection, he said.
DANGER IN MANY LITTLE TEXAS TOWNS
Many other towns in Texas have small fertilizer distributors operating under similar regulations near populated areas.
Matt Murray, owner of ABC Fertilizer and Supply in Corsicana, bought his facility about 15 years ago. It sits in an industrial zone in the town of about 23,700 people, but in a community barely five miles long, it is still not far from the population center, he said.
"Every little community, town that's in Texas, has one of these," he said.
Murray's facility also has a state license to sell ammonium nitrate.
Even though Murray said he has discussed an evacuation plan with his local fire chief, there is nothing in writing. And he isn't required to have a formal plan. That may be changing now, he said.
"It's been something that's been brewing for years and years, ever since Oklahoma," he said.



Be the first to rate:
0








Click to rate





 Comments
Please log in to comment. Civility matters; click here to read our commenting guidelines.
Log in



Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus.















 
advertisement | advertise on newsday



Bloomberg business videos

  


Featured on newsday.com




LI people on the move! Promotions, new jobs




Executive pay on Long Island




72 new stores on Long Island




Facebook



Most popular

Stories
Photos




 

Source: Bomb suspect answers questions in writing 8:16 PM

Witherspoon arrested, hubby charged with DWI, cops say 5 m ago
40 may be homeless after Coram apartment fire 2 m ago
4 LI men charged in machete attack 7:45 PM
Jets trade Darrelle Revis to Bucs 5:12 PM




 

London Marathon pays tribute to Boston 31 m ago

Boston Marathon bombings memorials 8:01 PM
Jets trade Darrelle Revis 6:40 PM
Rangers 4, Devils 1 6:00 PM
NASCAR Sprint Cup Series at Kansas Speedway 5:36 PM

 








 
advertisement | advertise on newsday


Top Jobs





search jobs





View all top jobs Post your resume




 


Services
Join us on Facebook
Join us on Twitter
Sign up for news alerts
Sign up for newsletters
Get ourApps
Newsdaymobile


Our Network
Explore Long Island
Long Island Towns
am New York 
Newsday Cars
The Hometown Shopper
Newsday Homes
CareerBuilder
News 12
Optimum
Newsday Connect
MSG Varsity
Westchester News




Site Map | Privacy Policy | Your ad choices | Terms of Service | Contact Newsday | Careers | Media Kit | Advertise with Newsday | Help |  Copyright ©  Newsday. All rights reserved.
 


 




  

























Hide Toolbar 

Follow us
Submit

Photo
News
Video
Event


RSS
Today's most popular
My headlines


Register


Log in


My Profile


Log out







