Texas explosion: West fertilizer plant had not been given full safety inspection for 30 YEARS  | Mail Online















 










Home




U.K. Home



 
 

News




Sport




U.S. Showbiz




Femail




Health




Science




Money




RightMinds




Travel




Columnists







News Home


Arts


Headlines


Pictures


Most read


News Board




Login









Find a Job
M&S Wine
Feedback











Tuesday, Apr 23 2013

12PM 
55°F

3PM
59°F

5-Day Forecast










Texas fertilizer plant that exploded killing 14 people had not been given full safety inspection for 30 YEARS
Occupational Safety and Health Administration last inspected plant in 1985Fined then-owners $30 for a serious chemical storage violations Last year 270 tons of ammonium nitrate were stored at plant Plant's last partial inspection was in 2011 when owners fined $5,20014 people died and almost 200 injured when plant exploded last week  
By 
Becky Evans


PUBLISHED:

03:34 EST, 23 April 2013


| 

UPDATED:

05:46 EST, 23 April 2013







Comments (3)




 Share


















The Texas fertilizer plant that exploded last week killing 14 people last had a full safety inspection almost 30 years ago.The United States Department of Labor website said the Occupational Safety and Health Administration (OSHA) visited West Chemical and Fertilizer Company in February 1985. The revelation comes amid growing concern about how health and safety rules were followed at the plant, which supplied agricultural chemicals and fertilizer to area farmers. 

West Chemical and Fertilizer Plant, that exploded on Wednesday killing 14 and injuring 200, was last inspected by the Occupational Safety and Health Administration in 1985
 

The explosion destroyed this apartment complex as well as damaged schools and a nursing home 

Workers are pictured among the debris of the plant. The cause of the explosion has still not been determined
Volunteer firefighters and paramedics were among 14 people who died on Wednesday when the blast flattened the fertilizer plant. 
Two hundred people were also injured 
in the explosion that destroyed a 50-unit apartment block, about 50 
houses and damaged several schools and a nursing home.
 

More...

'Our house exploded! I'm scared to death!' Frantic 911 calls reveal residents' terror in aftermath of Texas plant fireball
Brothers killed in Texas fertilizer plant blast as investigations continue and residents take comfort in church services
Satellite images show the fearsome destructive power of the Texas fertilizer plant explosion


The cause of the explosion has not yet
been determined, although the facility stored liquid anhydrous ammonia 
fertilizer in huge tanks and ammonium nitrate in dry form. 
Both are considered hazardous materials that could ignite under certain conditions.Records reviewed by The Associated Press show that in OSHA last inspected the West Chemical & Fertilizer Co., as it was known at the time, in 1985. It then fined the company $30 for a serious violation for storage of anhydrous ammonia.OSHA cited the plant for four other serious violations of respiratory protection standards but did not issue fines. The maximum fine for a serious violation was $1,000.The agency has jurisdiction over more than 7million workplaces but it is not uncommon for some companies to go years without inspection.Reviews into the plant's documentation also found that last year it was storing 1,350 times the 
amount of ammonium nitrate that would normally trigger safety oversight 
by the U.S. Department of Homeland Security. 
However, a source close to the agency 
told Reuters that company owners did not tell them about the high levels
of the dangerous substance.    

270 tons of ammonium nitrate - the same substance used by the Oklahoma bomber - was stored at the plant last year 
   

Investigators are still probing the cause of the explosion as workers began to clear debris on Monday
  

Volunteers sort through goods donated for victims the explosion that has devastated the small community 
 Ammonium nitrate, which can be used in bomb making, is supposed to be tightly monitored. 
Yet, documents filed to the Texas 
Department of State Health Services that showed the plant stored 270 
tons of the substance were not shared with the agency. 
Timothy McVeigh used two tons of ammonium nitrate in a truck bomb in Oklahoma City in 1995, killing 168 
people and injuring more than 800. Rep. Bennie Thompson, a ranking member
of the House Committee on Homeland Security, said: 'It seems this 
manufacturer was willfully off the grid.
'This facility was known to have 
chemicals well above the threshold amount to be regulated under the 
Chemical Facility Anti-Terrorism Standards Act (CFATS), yet we 
understand that DHS did not even know the plant existed until it blew 
up.' 
Partial safety inspections of the fertilizer plant had been held since 1985 and in 2011 the company owners 
filed an emergency response plan stating there was 'no' risk of fire or 
explosion at the facility, according to the Huffington Post.
The U.S. Department of Transportation 
Pipeline and Hazardous Materials Safety Commission fined West 
Fertilizer plant owners $5,200 during a partial inspection in 2011. 
One of the violations was 'failing to 
develop and adhere to a security plan' for the transportation of large 
amounts of anhydrous ammonia. 
Last week, plant owner Donald Adair 
released a statement saying that 'out of respect for the investigative 
process' he and other bosses would restrict their public comments. 
Local media have not been able to contact him or manager Ted Uptmore in recent days.    

Churchgoers huddle to pray after a service for the First Baptist Church in a field on Sunday
  

Homes and cars were destroyed by the blast and some residents say they are frustrated they have not been able to return to their properties to check on the damage 
Yesterday, the sole school that was not damaged in the deadly blast reopened. 
It is the only one of four schools in the small town that remained intact. 
'It's the first step, but getting back
going again, some normalcy for our staff and faculty's lives and our 
kids' lives, it's a huge milestone,' said Marty Crawford, West 
Independent School District Superintendent.
Over the weekend, volunteers built three temporary classrooms at the elementary school.
Some residents said they are frustrated that they have not been allowed back to their homes to check on the damage. 
Bill Killough, 76, said he had 
checkbooks, medication and guns sitting out where he had left them after
fleeing his home in a hurry.
'They don't care. Don't care. There's 
no reason why they [federal authorities' can't escort residents in to 
get their belongings', he said.
President Barack Obama plans to attend a memorial service on Thursday for victims of the fertilizer plant explosion. 
   

This aerial shot shows the remains of the fertilizer plant


Part of the nursing home that was destroyed in the explosion  

High school students hug as they arrive for classes at a temporary facility in nearby Waco 
 
  


Read more:

Texas Plant's Hazards Eluded Regulators For Nearly 30 Years Huffinton Post 





MOST READ NEWS

Previous
1
2
3
Next






Did Boston bomber murder his 'only American friend' in...





EXCLUSIVE: Muslim convert widow of Boston bomber was...





Former Miss Teen Delaware USA faces charges of theft and...





'You can rouse him now': Extraordinary scene of Boston...





Is this the shortest TV career in history? 'Nervous' brand...





'Did you hear about the Boston Marathon explosion? I did...





Bomb suspect wakes up: He is conscious and answering FBI...





'My brother made me do it': Boston 'bomber' reveals in...





Dancer, 32, who lost part of her leg in Boston bombing vows...





'It was a good feeling and no time to be afraid': Cops who...





How much did homeland security know about dead 'bomber?':...





Teen becomes impaled on guardrail and dies after her best...






 


Share this article: 




Facebook




Twitter




Google+




Email




Other


























Add your comments

Comments (3)


The comments below have not been moderated.





Newest




Oldest




Best rated




Worst rated



 View all




This is why we have proper health and safety rules here in the UK, stop knocking it DM
-
                                    
                                        Mike
                                    ,
                                    
                                        Tiverton,
                                     23/4/2013 13:17

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

                                        
                                            1
                                        
                                    

Report abuse


When will they blame BP for it and demand compensation?
-
                                    
                                        fredup
                                    ,
                                    
                                        Brigadoon, United Kingdom,
                                     23/4/2013 12:42

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

                                        
                                            4
                                        
                                    

Report abuse


I now trust the department concerned will now start checking these places every 6 months as this should not happen. It isn't as though there are millions of them. Plus how many more are just waiting to go the same way?.
-
                                    
                                        Alan
                                    ,
                                    
                                        Huddersfield,
                                     23/4/2013 12:33

Click to rate
 
 
Rating
 

                                        
                                            3
                                        
                                    

Report abuse




                        The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline.
                    



Add your comment








Your comments:


                                You have 1000 characters left.
                            
Libellous and abusive comments are not allowed. Please read our House Rules.



I agree to the House Rules

For information about privacy and cookies please read our Privacy Policy.

Terms
Clear
Submit Content












Bing


Site
Web


Enter search term:
Search



















 
 
Femail Today






Is that Rupert Sanders? Kristen Stewart gets into a car with man who appears to be her former lover... on the same day beau Robert Pattinson jets out








Girl's still on fire! Alicia Keys shows off her amazing post-baby bikini body on family beach break
She  has certainly regained pre-baby figure








Has Giuliana Rancic lost MORE weight? TV hosts displays shockingly thin frame at E! Upfronts
Slinky black dress didn't hide her shrinking frame 








'I'm down to 115lbs': Tori Spelling parades her body after four babies on family day out
The 39-year-old has lost 45 pounds








Back to work with a bang! Rihanna shares topless photo as she prepares to perform in Atlanta
She has spent the last few days chilling by pool








Fans beg Rihanna to stop saying the N-word after she uses it to refer to a toddler 
One person wrote: 'So I love the hell out of her but that word I hate'








Dressed to thrill! Farrah Abraham wears plunging red top and skirt... after taking her daughter to sex tape negotiations








Floral fashionista: Little Harper Beckham embraces spring style in a printed smock as she takes a stroll with doting daddy David
In London's Kensington








Mother's little darling! Precious Seraphina Affleck steals the show as she joins Jennifer Garner on morning coffee run
Tot grasped mom's hand








All these women were blooming at six months. So... why is Kate's bump so tiny?
Sporting a much smaller bump than other famous mothers-to-be








Pregnant Kim Kardashian takes the plunge in satin tuxedo-style coat dress at E! event... as she talks about her baby kicking
Daring outfit... again!








Anything Kim can do, I can do better! Kris Jenner copies Kardashian's lacy red style as she declares she is the 'Queen of F***ing Everything'








Daddy's back! Kim Kardashian squeezes her growing bump and derriere into sexy black dress to meet up with Kanye West








Wild thing! Kourtney Kardashian snaps up attention in a figure-hugging crocodile skin dress with Scott Disick
At the 2013 E! Upfront Presentation in New York








Summer loving! Sweet Valley High star Brittany Daniel and Keenen Ivory Wayans turn up the heat poolside in Miami
She wore leopard bikini








Michelle Heaton is body confident in white bikini as she treats herself to holiday... while showing off new tattoos
She's always been open about her body issues








'Happy Earth Day!': Ashley Tisdale is at one with nature as she dons a green bikini at beautiful Mexican vacation resort









Look at us we're SO happy! Ms Rimes shares card from Eddie Cibrian as they mark second wedding anniversary
Who's she trying to convince?








That look will drop Jaws! Cara Delevingne sports shark jumper as she goes make-up free
The 20-year-old model ran to catch a cab in the Big Apple








Far from first class! Real Housewives star Adrienne Maloof arrives at Virgin America launch in unflattering jumpsuit
She is hardly the most grounded of individuals








No Munn-dane dressed down look here! Olivia shows off her slim figure in skinny jeans and sexy boots
Spotted heading out of The Bowery Hotel in NY








The see-through games! Jennifer Lawrence shows off her legs as she heads to brunch in ultra sheer skirt
All eyes were on her 








Olivia Newton-John reveals her older sister Rona is battling brain cancer
The Grease star has postponed her upcoming Las Vegas residency








Caught on camera! Paris Hilton seen texting behind the wheel while driving her $425k red Ferrari through LA
Seen tapping away 








She's glowing! Make-up free Claire Danes is radiant ahead of shooting Homeland season three
The 34-year-old new mother looked beautiful








Chaz Bono reveals his thinner frame after dropping 60lbs
He was determined trim down after jibes about his 250lb body while on Dancing With The Stars








No maternity wear for her! Pregnant Fergie sports leather trousers and high heels to catch a flight
The 38-year-old singer caught a flight to L.A.








A tangerine nightmare: Kelly Osbourne looks startlingly orange on the red carpet after a face bronzer mishap
Perhaps she got ready under fluorescent lights








Defiant Ann Curry debuts 'much shorter' hairstyle live on NBC News - without approval from the network
Amid criticism over the 56-year-old's look








Now it's Helena's turn to play Elizabeth Taylor... but will she do a better job than LiLo?
One's a respected British actress and the other is a troubled star








Katy Perry shines in satin gown at Smurfs 2 launch... as she plays down divorce from Russell Brand
She looked Smurfing amazing!








Start as you mean to go on! Naomi Watts and Liev Schreiber take their young sons to an Earth Day party for children
Celebrated the annual environmental day in LA








Who's that girl? Hunky Alexander Skarsgard keeps close to mystery blonde on visit to an art gallery
True Blood star was spotted in Hollywood








'I know what you've been through': Adam Levine sympathizes with The Voice contestant Vedo as he reveals his mother's death
Lost mother to cancer 








Justin Bieber 'gives away' his lonely pet monkey instead of rescuing it from German animal clinic
Mally was confiscated by customs officials 








The show must go on! The Wanted perform for the first time without Nathan Sykes
Their bandmate is still on the slow road to recovery








Angel unmasked: Scruffy Victoria's Secret model Behati Prinsloo goes make-up and bra free as she flashes her toned midriff in a cropped T-shirt








Just like any other flyer! Flame-haired Megan Fox gets a thorough TSA pat-down as she flies out with Brian Austin Green and their baby Noah








Gillian Anderson steals the show at culinary gala as she vamps it up in black bustier and floor-length skirt
Kept a low profile over the last few years








She's no blushing bride! Nene Leakes the sheer exhibitionist flashes her bra in see-through top
Real Housewives of Atlanta star








Olivia Newton-John reveals her older sister Rona is battling brain cancer
Grease star postponed her upcoming Las Vegas residency to be with her








Fathers in action! Mark Wahlberg takes his sons on a flower-purchasing mission, while Hugh Jackman has a scooter adventure with his daughter Ava








Mark Wahlberg is flanked by his two glamorous co-stars Rebel Wilson and Bar Paly at Pain and Gain premiere
Plenty of glamor








Britney Spears wears minimal make-up and dresses down as she does grocery run with boyfriend David Lucado
Looked like any other couple going shopping








'I did not smoke in the ladies room': Amanda Bynes denies claims she was kicked out of a gym for smoking marijuana in women's locker room








Cool beauty! Winona Ryder is regal in a red velvet embroidered frock as she attends premiere of her new film The Iceman
Memorable entrance








Forgive her father! Kelly Osbourne rocks the nun look in monochrome as she clutches on to boyfriend Matthew Mosshart








Bow-tiful! Teen star Bella Thorne tops her retro two-piece ensemble with a pretty barrette at The Iceman premiere
Quite the fashionista








You certainly can't miss him! Will.i.am cruises out of LAX in his extravagant $900,000 custom-built blue car
His new album is out Tuesday








A Wonderful battle! Country girl Kellie Pickler edges in on Disney starlet Zendaya during Dancing With The Star's Stevie Wonder special
Battle of the babes








Outnumbered again: 300 star Gerard Butler happily dines solo in LA next to an animated gaggle of women
Gerard stars in Olympus Has Fallen








Mad Men's Christina Hendricks and Jessica Paré glaunt their curves as January Jones shows off her pins in a mini skirt at BAFTA event








Catherine Zeta-Jones is a vision in black at Chaplin Award Gala... but Barbra Streisand threatens to steal her thunder in glitzy gown
Both looked amazing








Sheer daring! Shakira shows off her trimmed down tummy in a transparent animal print blouse just weeks after giving birth
Sexy post-baby body








Former Miss Teen Delaware USA faces charges of theft and alcohol and gets one year probation
Melissa King, 19, appeared in court today








There she glows! Kate Hudson is a striking beacon of light as she covers up in a demure white knit dress 
Screening new film at TriBeCa Film Festival








Following in mommy's footsteps! Alessandra Ambrosio's daughter proudly carries a shopping bag... as her model mother parades her pins in hotpants








Competing already? America's Got Talent newcomer Heidi Klum upstages fellow judge Mel B as she slips into a tight strapless dress for NBC event








Blondes do have more fun! Minka Kelly steps out for the first time since bleaching her brunette locks
Someone had a makeover!








They meet again! Ethan Hawke and Julie Delpy are reunited on the red carpet for Before Midnight screening
Posed together at TriBeCa Film Festival








True bromance! Kim Kardashian gets sidelined as Kanye West shoos her out the way to share a hug with Jay-Z









Making a clean break! Zac Efron returns to work on his film Townies following broken hand drama
What does not kill you makes you stronger








Gwyneth facing backlash over her grown-up bikinis for girls aged FOUR: Range for sale exclusively on star's website
$45 bikinis for little girls








'I'm broke!': Ex-Model Janice Dickinson files for bankruptcy after falling nearly $1m into debt with unpaid taxes and plastic surgery bills
'Feels terrible about it'








There is no way you would lose a guy in those! Kate Hudson shows off her slender legs in sexy tight leather pants









Taylor Swift and Maroon 5 lead with 11 nominations each as 2013 Billboard Music Awards contenders are announced









Pictured: How Octomom installed window in bedroom door to 'lock her children in a makeshift prison cell' before being evicted









Backstreet's back! '90s boy band celebrate new star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame 
They're the top-selling boy band of all time








What a masterpiece! Jenny McCarthy covers shirtless male model in edible body paint as singer Ciara looks on
During a taping of her VH1 talk show
















 
 
DON'T MISS






Jim Toth 'feels awful' for involving Reese Witherspoon in DUI incident... as she pulls out of Jimmy Fallon appearance after arrest
They were both jailed








It's all coming back to haunt her! When Reese Witherspoon drank hard liquor for comedy skit and attacked Hollywood bad girls
She's regretting that now








He's found his princess! Prince Jackson steps out for romantic dinner date with Kuwaiti royal Remi Alfalah








Is this a picture of Beyoncé shopping at Mothercare? Singer causes chaos as she's spotted with Blue Ivy in Newbury store
Staff left stunned 








That's quite some company you keep: Leonardo DiCaprio enjoys poolside break with 'illegal poker player Hillel 'Helly' Nahmad and card madam'









Khloe Kardashian has been axed as co-host from X Factor USA... but Mario Lopez will return for Season 3
The 28-year-old reality star won't be back








Welcome to Asgard! Natalie Portman and Chris Hemsworth reunite in the latest film stills from Thor: The Dark World








From crop tops and tiny denim cut offs to eye-popping prints: Stars and style-makers of Coachella showcase summer trends








Federal judge postpones Fugees Lauryn Hill's sentencing for tax evasion and gives her two weeks to pay back taxes
Will be sentenced in May








Fresh-faced and freshly trimmed! Alyson Hannigan takes her daughter Keeva for a stroll sporting her signature smile... and new bangs









Make-up free Jennifer Love Hewitt is a casual traveler as she arrives at LAX
The 34-year-old was glowing despite wearing no make-up








Pregnant Evan Rachel Wood gets baby-bump blessed by Snoop Lion and Justin Long at TriBeca Film Festival









New mother Camila Alves slips into gym gear as her husband Matthew McConaughey suits up for talk show appearance









The perfect Storm! Silver-haired Halle Berry steps into leather costume on X-Men: Days of Future Past set
Due to give birth in a few months 








'You can't have it all and you shouldn't want to': Isla Fisher on being working mom while posing in 1920s spread
Married to Sacha Baron Cohen








Get decked out like Daisy! Great Gatsby costume designer joins forces with Tiffany & Co to create Jazz Age jewelry line








How a 'super excited' Jennifer Lawrence cut her hair on a whim - just one HOUR before hitting the red carpet
'I want to cut it all,' she told stylist Mark Townsend 








'My water broke at my baby shower!' New mother Jenna Bush Hager on life with baby Mila and going into labor three weeks early
Gave birth on April 13








After 'weed day' comes the 'pool party'! Rihanna slips into a tiny string bikini to enjoy more natural pleasures
Every move was documented on Twitter








So that's what Bradley sees in her! Stunning Suki Waterhouse strips off to her underwear for photo exhibition
The 20-year-old bears her pert derriere 








Model Kristen McMenamy divorces fashion photographer Miles Aldridge, 16 years after Karl Lagerfeld walked her down the aisle








Real Housewives star Porsha Williams found out Kordell Stewart was planning to divorce her via Twitter
But she STILL lives with him!








Farrah Abraham brushes off scandal as she plays doting mother to daughter Sophia at the beach
In an exhilarated mood despite 'sex tape'








'I am deeply embarrassed, I had one drink too many': Reese Witherspoon apologizes for 'disorderly conduct' arrest as she attends Mud premiere








Arnold Schwarzenegger moves on from estranged wife as he wines and dines new flame Heather Milligan...and her father and sister








Brazilian bikini gets a warrior-chic makeover as silver breastplates and metalwork skirts make a splash at Fashion Rio








He described himself as a 'white Denzel Washington', but she saw 'a lawn gnome': Spoof ad tells men they are LESS beautiful than they think








Michael Bublé's pregnant wife Luisana Lopilato takes maternity wear to a new level in floor-length gown at Canadian music JUNO Awards








He got the memo! Andrew Garfield color co-ordinates with girlfriend Emma Stone's coral beanie as he slips on hipster jeans
Share same eye for color 








Olivia Munn-ch does lunch with Robocop boyfriend Joel Kinnaman as he puffs on e-cigarette at non-smoking LA restaurant








Tears and tequila? Forlorn Kristen Stewart hits cantina specializing in the Mexican 'forgetting juice' as R-Patz leaves town








Katy Perry looks electric in embroidered blue dress as she promotes Smurf sequel in Cancun
Opted for something a little more cartoon friendly








'I demand it!': Tara Reid 'throws hissy fit' after shop staff at All Saints deny her request for discount'
A last-minute Coachella shopping trip








Can being told you don't have terminal cancer ruin your life? For Angela, her misdiagnosis was devastating
Caused a breakdown








Will Heidi Klum still be celebrating her 40th with a hat party now that her Germany's Next Top Models proteges have head lice?








Diane von Furstenberg's latest Gap Kids collection celebrates young explorers with African safari-themed childrenswear








'Lindsay Lohan snorted cocaine off her wrist at a New Year's party', claims gossip writer Nik Richie in shocking new memoir
Troubled star 








A family affair! Sarah Jessica Parker pairs fur coat with high top sneakers as she takes the entire brood on the school run
Escorted three kids








There is no way you would loose a guy in those! Kate Hudson shows off her slender legs in sexy tight leather pants








EXCLUSIVE: 'Keep your shirt on!' Justin Bieber gets some unsolicited advice from Backstreet Boys star Howie Dorough








Forget Scientology, celebs are now falling for an even more sinister 'religion': Introducing the Satanic sex cult that's snaring stars 








Carrie star Chloe Moretz looks angelic in all-white outfit as she touches down at LAX
The 16-year-old could not have looked more wholesome 








'You're about to find out who I am': What Reese Witherspoon said to police after arrest for 'disorderly conduct'... as her and husband's mugshots are revealed








Tamara Ecclestone wins latest round of legal battle with ex-boyfriend over ownership of $580,000 Lamborghini
With fiance Jay Rutland








A lift from daddy! Game Of Thrones star Peter Dinklage hold his little princess daughter Zelig up in the air  
A changed man 








'Well I never thought this was gonna happen 10 years ago': Jack Osbourne celebrates decade of sobriety
Was just 17 when he checked into rehab








'I'm in pain': Kim Kardashian opens up about her 'scary' pregnancy as she reveals she wants to get married again after just being granted a divorce 








 If only there was a spell to make you taller! Daniel Radcliffe is dwarfed by his statuesque female friend at pal's wedding
Nuptials in London








'It's not that weird!' Nick Grimshaw defends his friendship with One Direction's Harry Styles
Doesn't understand why many find their bromance so weird








Disappearing act: Angelina Jolie displays worryingly thin limbs as she runs errands
Tried to conceal with a long-sleeved black frock in Beverly Hills








A perfect playdate! Sarah Michelle Gellar and Freddie Prinze Jr join delighted daughter Charlotte and her little pal on a fun-filled day 
Superstar couple 








Couldn't wait 'till later? Alessandra Ambrosio whips out her razor and shaves her legs while sitting in her car
Looks flawless popping out to get a coffee








I Touch Myself singer Chrissy Amphlett of Australian rock band Divinyls dies aged 53 after battle with breast cancer and multiple sclerosis








Hot shorts! Rachel Hunter shows off her impressive legs out in the Hollywood sunshine
The model and actress, 43, still has her catwalk legs








Top of the crops: Lady Gaga goes for a short, bleached hairdo as she returns to LA party scene
Has been recovering from an operation








Ashley Tisdale shows effortless elegance in a flowing lilac gown as she joins rocker beau Christopher French at a friend's wedding in Mexico








Back to the 9 to 5! Tired-looking Victoria Beckham returns to work following a fun-filled weekend in Paris








I soon got used to seeing dead bodies: Female funeral director on why she gave up job at Sotherby's for 'wonderful' work dealing with death








Should have kept your jacket on! Prince Albert and Princess Charlene sport his 'n' hers blazers to tennis - but prince reveals his growing paunch on the court








EXCLUSIVE: Showing Kelly Brook what she's missing! Thom Evans shows off his incredible abs in new underwear shoot
Rugby player and model








Police raid family home of X Factor wannabe starlet Ella Henderson as her parents are held on suspicion of money laundering









Wounded heart that drove Kate O'Mara's troubled son to suicide: The beloved child of actress had been 'plagued by problems for years'








Robin Roberts looks radiant as she returns to Good Morning America after two weeks 'fighting off infections' in hospital
The 52-year-old host had bone marrow transplant 








Megan Fox opts for the fresh-faced look as she steps out make-up free on low-key lunch date with husband Brian Austin Green








Inside Octomom's bizarre diary: Nadya Suleman swears off porn work and vows to stay celibate for ten years
Ramblings from mom-of-14








Mind the wind doesn't change! Kelly Brook gurns and grins her way through a boozy lunch al fresco
Hung out with friends in London








Oh baby! Bikini-clad Rihanna shows her maternal side as she cuddles a tiny toddler poolside whilst relaxing after concert
Flaunted her figure








Splashing good fun! Jennifer Garner is happy to get wet as she plays in the waves with Seraphina during beach trip








Forget the superstar status! J-Lo goes on a food run in her sweats with twins Max and Emme
Does her own shopping








Rihanna reveals her chipped manicure as she makes rude hand gesture alongside BFF Melissa Forde at Miami Heat game
Alongside Melissa Forde








Something's fishy! Justin Bieber unveils his 12th tattoo of a koi carp on his arm... in the hope it will bring him some good luck








Teaching him about responsibility early! January Jones lets her son Xander walk her dog Max
Let 19-month-old hold the leash 








Hair today, MORE tomorrow: Dannii Minogue shows off her new longer locks in X Factor Australia promo pics
The 41-year-old mother








Real Housewives of Beverly Hills star Yolanda Foster undergoes surgery as she continues ongoing battle with Lyme disease








Who needs make-up? Marion Cotillard looks fresh-faced, flawless and fantastic she goes au naturel for flight
Tied her hair back and away from her face








Daddy cool: Ethan Hawke makes fatherhood look effortless as he spends time with his children for a day of basketball and ice-cream








'She's in shock and really sore': Kendra Wilkinson hospitalized after car accident... but later discharged with no serious injuries








We're his biggest fans! It's a family affair as Jackie Adams and Sandra Beckham cheer on David Beckham from the stands in Paris








No vroom to swing a cat: Jeremy Clarkson splurges $120,000 on new Jaguar F-Type... and can barely fit behind the steering wheel








What cheerleaders? Jesse Metcalfe's fiancée Cara Santana ensures he only has eyes for her as she wears tiny crop top








Jordin Sparks flaunts her 50-pound weight loss in tiny pink shorts on the cover of Women's Running
The true test is keeping the weight off!








Goodbye my lover! Kristen Stewart is left driving around in her beaten-up pickup truck alone as beau Robert Pattinson jets out of LA
Looking 'un-Hollywood' 








'I'm loving my life': Khloe Kardashian insists seeing her sisters pregnant hasn't made her broody...as she steps out make-up free at the gym








Au revoir Paris! Victoria Beckham and her brood make a stylish return to London in a luxurious private jet
Spent her Sunday at the Louvre Museum 








'If it's not broke, don't fix it!' Scott Disick reveals he and Kourtney Kardashian may not marry for years as couple open up about their relationship








Mad Men spoiler alert: Don Draper and Megan hit a rough patch as she kisses another man... and gets propositioned by a married couple








Make-under! Usually polished professional dancer Peta Murgatroyd is disheveled in baggy layers as she arrives at DWTS rehearsal
Met partner Sean Lowe 








Worth the Trek! Alice Eve shows why she's Sci-Fi fans' new dream girl as she dons tight leather-trim little black dress
A star on the rise 








Blue bombshell! Kate Walsh complements her sparkling eyes as she slips into a cleavage-baring gown and matching jewels for Romy Awards








Who's that guy? Mischa Barton enjoys a beer and strolls around Coachella with an affectionate mystery man for the second time at festival








Kate's queen of the pack: The Duchess of Cambridge proudly shows off her baby bump at Windsor Castle Scouts ceremony









Festival baby! Supermodel Alessandra Ambrosio rocks out with daughter Anja at Coachella
Second weekend of the rock festival








A two-wheeled workout! Goldie Hawn, 67, shows off the secret to her youthful looks as she goes on a bike ride
It's hard to believe she's a grandmother








'Every time I hop in the shower and see myself naked I cry': Rob Kardashian opens up about struggles with his weight as he continues to attempt to lose 50lbs








A colorful character! Alan Cumming dons a kilt as he's joined by glamorous actresses Jodie Foster and Rosario Dawson at Macbeth party








Battle of the bumps! Pregnant stars Evan Rachel Wood and Busy Philipps both parade their growing bellies in elegant style at film premiere








He's so vein! Sylvester Stallone displays sinewy forearms on Pinkberry outing with his youngest Scarlet
He opted to avoid the fro-yo carbs himself








First look at Jamie Foxx as villain Electro's geeky real-life alter ego Maxwell Dillon as he films Amazing Spider-Man 2
He's filming scenes











 
 
Today's headlines


 
 
Most Read









Boston bombers' last stand: Incredible new pictures emerge of the dramatic street shootout with police that...





'My brother made me do it': Boston 'bomber' reveals in scrawled note that older sibling 'wanted to defend...





'You can rouse him now': Extraordinary scene of Boston Marathon bomber's bedside arraignment, as he's read...





'Disgusting' Facebook group called 'Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is innocent' attracts more than 11,000 fans worldwide





Reddit apologizes to the family of the missing Brown University student they wrongly accused of being the...





Revealed: Eldest Boston 'bomber' went on TWO rage-filled rants at local mosque over 'hypocritical'...





Chinese carjack victim of Boston bombers only escaped when they stopped for Red Bull... and they didn't kill...





Al Qaeda terror plot foiled after Canadian police arrest two over plan to blow up train to New York as it...





White hat, black jacket and BOMB found in college dorm room of Boston 'bomber'





Father of Boston bombing suspects 'to fly to U.S. tomorrow' and says he will seek 'justice and the truth'...





'We will keep running to finish the race for you': Boston University remembers Chinese grad student killed...





Boston 'bomber' spoke to his Muslim-convert wife EVERY DAY from Russia as it's revealed he wanted to move...





'It was a good feeling and no time to be afraid': Cops who cuffed Boston Marathon 'bomber' in boat reveal...





‘Whoever came in alive, stayed alive’: All of the injured Boston marathon bomb victims who made...





'I am sorry for being there. I love you': Badly-wounded marathon-goer's first words to his fiancée after...





The world's most conserved hamburger: Preservative-packed McDonald's sandwich bought in 1999 looks EXACTLY...





This age test will drive you dotty! Online quiz reveals how old you REALLY are... based on reaction time





U.S. employees set to be forced to give bosses their Facebook PASSWORDS





Massive flight delays hit passengers across U.S. because of furloughs as federal authorities DELAY policy to...





Senate endorses bill on internet sales tax that would raise the cost of online shopping





Robot discovers three unexplored passages in 2,000-year-old tunnel near the Pyramid of the Sun in Mexico





Terror as elementary school is evacuated after PIPE BOMB is found on the roof





New Zealand man is jailed for three months for watching pixie porn





'I am the most sick and twisted person you will ever meet': Murderer gives 'insulting' apology after killing...





Mother accused of abducting her daughter, 5, forced to send child back to Sweden after losing tug-of-love...





Boy, 15, on the run after chopping his brother's arms with butcher knife in 'Cain and Abel' slash attack





A silent killer swooping from the skies: Awesome image captures power of the great grey owl as it closes in...





Mother, 14, arrested for murder in 'child abuse' death of her infant son





Woodstock's first performer Richie Havens dies of heart attack aged 72





MORE HEADLINES







 
Did Boston bomber murder his 'only American friend' in horrific triple killing in 2011?



 
EXCLUSIVE: Muslim convert widow of Boston bomber was 'brainwashed by extremist husband' and gave up her dreams of college to have his baby at 21



 
Former Miss Teen Delaware USA who was forced to step down after porn video surfaced faces charges of theft and underage drinking



 
'You can rouse him now': Extraordinary scene of Boston Marathon bomber's bedside arraignment, as he's read his Miranda Rights and only manages to say one word



 
Is this the shortest TV career in history? 'Nervous' brand new anchor is FIRED after his first words on air are 'f***, s***'



 
'Did you hear about the Boston Marathon explosion? I did that': Chilling words of bomber to carjacking victim who said he was spared because he 'wasn't American'



 
Bomb suspect wakes up: He is conscious and answering FBI questions in writing after 'shooting himself through mouth on boat'



 
'My brother made me do it': Boston 'bomber' reveals in scrawled note that older sibling 'wanted to defend Islam from attack' - but that they acted alone



 
Dancer, 32, who lost part of her leg in Boston bombing vows to dance again... and run in next year's marathon



 
'It was a good feeling and no time to be afraid': Cops who cuffed Boston Marathon 'bomber' in boat reveal how they took America's most wanted man into custody



 
How much did homeland security know about dead 'bomber?': Officials suspended 26-year-old's citizenship request over FBI interview



 
Teen becomes impaled on guardrail and dies after her best friend, 16, is distracted while driving and crashes their car



 
The controversial moment SWAT teams ordered innocent neighbors out of their houses at GUNPOINT during door-to-door searches for the Boston bomber



 
Police confiscate two-pound joint at college 4-20 celebration... and the owner threats to SUE for harassment



 
'I am sorry for being there. I love you': Badly-wounded marathon-goer's first words to his fiancée after opening his eyes for the first time after blast



 
Teacher turned child-porn suspect who took top spot from Bin Laden on FBI's ten most-wanted fugitive list is arrested in Nicaragua



 
The world's most conserved hamburger: Preservative-packed McDonald's sandwich bought in 1999 looks EXACTLY the same as the day it was flipped (and it even spent two years in a coat pocket)



 
Boston 'bomber' spoke to his Muslim-convert wife EVERY DAY from Russia as it's revealed he wanted to move her and their child, 3, to Dagestan



 
EXCLUSIVE: Did 'controlling' mother of Boston 'bombers' lead them on the path to radicalization? Uncle claims she allowed hardline cleric to preach to boys at their kitchen table



 
New pictures show dozens of bullet holes in boat where police cornered 'bomber' as it's revealed he was shot in the neck, head, legs and hand


MOST READ IN DETAIL
















Editor's six of the best


 
The spectacular Spider-Man: Artist painstakingly captures webbing to create unique pieces of art


 
Time-Traveling photographer goes back to history's most iconic moments to add herself


 
Virtual reality worlds could help treat drug addicts learn coping methods to stay clean


 
Dedicated TV presenter cuts short her wedding after earthquake hits, grabs mic and starts reporting from scene still in her bridal gown and veil


 
The making of a photographer to the stars: Lensman who grew up to work with Hendrix and Reagan's childhood in touching photos


 
Was JFK a meth addict? Outlandish claims that doctor's secret 'vitamin formula' given to President was in fact methamphetamine














 




































 
 
Back to top


 
 
Navigation


 
 
Popular






Home




U.K. Home




News




Sport




U.S. Showbiz




Femail




Health




Science




Money




RightMinds




Travel




Columnists







Popular searches in news:







Sitemap
Archive
Mobile Apps
RSS
Text-based site
Reader Prints
Our Papers
Top of page

Daily Mail
Mail on	Sunday
This is Network
This is London
This is Money

Metro
Jobsite
Mail Travel
Zoopla.co.uk
Prime Location
Villa Holidays


Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd
Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group



© Associated Newspapers Ltd
Contact us
Advertise with us
Terms
Privacy policy & cookies










 











 
 























