NewsWires : euronews : the latest international news as video on demand
Skip to main content







English
Ελληνικά
Français
Deutsch
Italiano
Español
Português
Polski
Pусский
Українська
Türkçe
عــربي
فارسی




23/04/2013


Follow us
















euronews


News
European Affairs
Business
Special Reports
Sport
Culture
no comment
Sci-tech
Travel
In vogue



Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East


Weather
Extras
All Programmes
















homeNewsWiresTexas town holds no grudge against exploded fertiliser plant owner 















Texas town holds no grudge against exploded fertiliser plant owner








|





|



Reuters, 23/04 09:05 CET 
More NewsWires…

14:52 CET (Reuters) Two men linked to al Qaeda in Mali arrested in Spain
14:51 CET (Reuters) Palestinian prisoner ends fast after deal with Israel
14:39 CET (Reuters) Myanmar frees 56 political prisoners day after sanctions dropped
14:39 CET (Reuters) Nigeria gun battle was joint assault with Chad, Niger -officials
14:38 CET (Reuters) Former Egypt finance minister Boutros-Ghali gets life sentence
14:32 CET (Reuters) Anger in Lebanese streets as Syria border fighting rages
14:26 CET (Reuters) Chemical blast injures two workers in Moscow
14:24 CET (Reuters) Turkish PM rejects U.S. request to delay Gaza visit in May
14:09 CET (Reuters) Israel says Syria used chemical arms, probably nerve gas
14:06 CET (Reuters) At least 23 killed as Iraqi forces raid Sunni camp
 
 By Colleen Jenkins and Tim Gaynor
WEST, Texas (Reuters) – When Texas farmer Donald Adair bought the floundering West Fertilizer Co in 2004, his neighbours in the rolling countryside near West were grateful he had saved them from driving extra miles to Waco or Hillsboro to buy fertiliser, feed and tools.
After the plant exploded last week, flattening homes, damaging schools, killing 14 people and leaving some 200 others with injuries including burns, lacerations and broken bones, they still described the 83-year-old owner as honest and good.
“I like him very well, he’s helped me out,” said William Supak, a retired farmer who lives a few hundred yards (metres) from a farm house owned by the Adairs, and recalled a time when his neighbour helped save his hay by putting out a fire.
As he paused from mowing the grass in front of his house, Supak said the disaster in West did not change his view of Adair, whom he said he sometimes sees using a powered wheel chair to fetch his mail.
“I don’t see him very often, but I understand that he’s not in too good a health, said Supak.
Another neighbour of Adair, who asked not to be identified, described him as a “good guy.”
“It’s a farming community, everybody knows him. Like I said, it happened, and (to blame him) don’t make good sense.”
Five days after the explosion, school reopened on Monday and grieving families planned funerals for the paramedics and firefighters who died trying to fight the blaze.
Investigators said they still had not determined the cause of the explosion, and the people who lived closest to the plant had not yet been allowed to return to their homes.
Adair has stayed out of the public eye, saying nothing since the statement he issued on Friday in which he vowed to cooperate with the investigation. A spokesman for Adair said he had been at the West Church of Christ, where he is an elder, on Wednesday night when he learned of the fire and drove to the scene to urge people to move to safety.
“As a lifelong resident, my heart is broken with grief for the tragic losses to so many families in our community,” Adair said in the statement. “The selfless sacrifice of first responders who died trying to protect all of us is something I will never get over.”
WHITE TWO-STORY HOUSE
Adair lives about five miles (8 km) from West in a neat, white two-story house set back from the road down a gravel driveway marked by a green John Deere mailbox. The house is surrounded by farm buildings and equipment, and has a basketball hoop.
A Reuters reporter went to knock on the door as a silver Lincoln sedan rolled slowly down the drive and pulled up. A silver-haired woman with curls, matching one neighbour’s description of Adair’s wife Wanda, said: “Leave this property now,” pausing to add, “Please.”
Six of Adair’s seven children also live in the West area. Daughter Diane, a nurse, helped provide triage to injured residents after the blast, said Daniel Keeney, a crisis communications expert who is speaking on behalf of Adair.
Most of the dozen residents interviewed by Reuters, including farmers, church members and local business owners who know Donald Adair, did not fault him for operating the plant so close to a residential area or for storing large quantities of the hazardous materials ammonium nitrate and anhydrous ammonia.
The privately held fertilizer plant has been in operation since 1962, long before the homes and nearby schools were built, and the fertilizer was needed by farmers, they said.
“They provided a huge service to this area,” said Mimi Irwin, owner of the Village Bakery, which sells kolache pastries in downtown West and hails itself as the first all-Czech bakery in Texas. “People are just sick about it.”
Irwin said the Adair family is generous in donating to community events, such as church bazaars and sports tournaments.
“They’re always one of the names in the newspaper as one of the givers,” she said. “They’ve been good citizens of this community.”
Donald Adair is a lifelong farmer who also spent about 30 years working at General Tire and Rubber Company in Waco, said Donald Cernosek, who worked with Adair as mill operators until the plant closed in the late 1980s.
“He’s kind of quiet, but he’s always joking about something,” said Cernosek, now an insurance agent in West who was busy on Monday handling claims for victims of the blast.
West Fertilizer Co was in financial distress when Adair bought it nine years ago and farmers worried about losing a local resource for the supplies needed to grow corn, wheat and milo, several people said. Plant employees mixed fertilizers for farmers based on tests of their soil samples.
The fertilizer facility had an appraised market value of $908,400 when he bought it in 2004, according to McLennan County property tax records. By last year, its appraised value had fallen to $723,771, although it was not clear why.
The stable of Adair family businesses also includes Adair Grain, which is the parent company of West Fertilizer, and Adair Farms. Adair owns some 5,000 acres (2,023 hectares) of cropland and grassland in the area, Keeney said, which according to local tax records would be worth several million dollars at market prices.
MANAGEMENT LEFT TO OTHERS
Adair left the day-to-day operations at West Fertilizer to the plant’s 13 employees, including general manager Ted Uptmore Sr., who has been employed by the company for 50 years, Keeney and others said.
Uptmore ran the fertilizer part of the company, while Andrew “Rusty” Kwast, Adair’s son-in-law, ran the grain side, Keeney said. Adair continued to work his farm, the spokesman said.
The Adair family have been among the biggest recipients in the area of farm subsidy payments from the federal government. Donald Adair received $874,522 during the period 1995 to 2011 and his son Gary received more than $1.2 million in subsidies during the period, according to a database of U.S. government data compiled by the Environmental Working Group.
Adair’s neighbours said West Fertilizer did brisk business at this time of year from farmers from a wide radius around West, selling dry fertilizer or tanks of anhydrous ammonia.
Local residents also said they knew that handling fertilizer was a potentially dangerous business.
West Fertilizer disclosed to a Texas state agency that, as of the end of 2012, the company was storing 270 tons of ammonium nitrate, mixed with other compounds to produce a dry fertilizer. The same type of solid fertilizer was mixed with fuel and used by Timothy McVeigh to raze the Oklahoma City federal building in 1995, killing 168 people.
West Fertilizer had been fined occasionally for regulatory violations since Adair bought it, but a Texas state environmental official described its safety record as “average.”
A search of federal and state legal records did not turn up any lawsuits against Adair personally or any of his companies.
Cernosek, the local insurance agent, was quick to defend Adair’s reputation even though his home 500 yards (457 metres) from the plant is likely a total loss.
“Hell no,” he said when asked if he held Adair responsible for what happened at the plant. “I in no way will ever file a lawsuit due to any of this.”
But the lack of lawsuits may soon change. A Dallas law firm Baron & Budd, which was involved in BP oil spill litigation, has set up a toll free number for victims of the West explosion to contact them about possible legal challenges.
Some residents still had unanswered questions in the difficult, soul-searching days after the blast, among them Emily Polansky, who lives about half a mile (800 metres) from the plant and had her windows smashed when it blew. Walking with the aid of a cane, she puzzled over how the fire took hold after workers had left the plant and wondered about supervision.
“I feel maybe there was a lack of supervision possibly on the management’s part with employees working there … maybe there weren’t safety precautions taken for dealing with anhydrous ammonia and (ammonium) nitrate,” Polansky, a farmer’s wife who is well-versed in fertilizers, told Reuters at the hotel where she is staying while she is kept out of her damaged home.
But resident Chuck Smith, who helped neighbours leave their homes amid the dark smoke and acrid fumes after the blast, was not prepared to point a finger at the Adairs.
“When all is said and done, they call them accidents for a reason. I mean the people that work there, the people that own that place, that go there … all of them were raised here, have kids here, have family here,” he said. “There was no malicious intent. There was no trying to skimp.”
(Additional reporting by Chris Francescani; Editing by Greg McCune and Vicki Allen)
euronews provides breaking news articles from Reuters as a service to its readers, but does not edit the articles it publishes.Copyright 2013 Reuters.


|





|
















euronews TV
euronews RADIO
Latest Bulletin



London,  United Kingdom



66°F
19°C

                   /
                   
48°F
9°C


More Weather…












Most Viewed
Most shared





TodayYesterday7 Days
1‘France will never give in’ – foreign minister on embassy attack
2Messi maybe but thrills guaranteed as Bayern take on Barcelona
3Canada thwarts train terror plot
4Carnage in Nigeria as troops and Boko Haram clash
5France set to legalise gay marriage in parliament vote1Five dead in Seattle shootout
2Boston bombing suspect regains consciousness
3Mother of Boston bombers says sons were ‘set-up’ by FBI
4Internet rights activists launch #CISPABlackout over ‘Big Brother law’
5Rape and torture of girl sparks furious New Delhi protests1Two deadly bomb blasts hit Boston marathon in terrorist attack
2Boston marathon bombing suspect captured alive but seriously injured
3Texas town virtually levelled by blast at fertiliser plant
4UK stripped of AAA rating by Fitch
5Profits up for Google and Microsoft




Facebook
Twitter
























Be a No Comment TV Reporter! Share and report with the free and exclusive app for iPhone 



no comment




Iraq: Ashura celebrations
06/12/11 17:50 CET











economy




Kaesong: North Korea’s financial lifeline
03/04 16:32 CET










euronews


News
European Affairs
Business
Special Reports
Sport
Culture
no comment
Sci-tech
Travel






Visit us on

Facebook
Twitter
Google+
VK
Tumblr
Podcast
YouTube
DailyMotion





News

you
bulletin
Africa
Americas
Asia
Europe
Middle East
streaming live


Picture of the day



Sport

football results


no comment
Travel
In vogue
Extras

feedback
language lessons
podcast
rss
business guide
nocomment-tv
euronews live application
euronews radio: the podcast





Archives

2013
2012
2011
2010
2009
2008
2007
2006
2005
2004


A - Z Site Index



account
Advertising
Business
Business Newswires
community
Contact euronews
Distribution
Jobs
Related links
News 24
NewsWires
All Programmes
Sci-tech
EU Coverage
Special Reports
Terms & Conditions
the station
Culture



Copyright © euronews 2013





Log in
Please enter your login details


Username
Password
Log in or Join the euronews community
Have you forgotten your password?





 











