Pop The Question · TheJournal.ie


















TheJournal.ieTheJournal.ieTheJournal.ie 


Search site
Search






                        Dublin: 16 °C
                    


Saturday 5 October, 2013

 





Homepage
IrishInternationalScienceEnvironmentLivingCultureAdverts.ie Jobs 

Trending:


banks


nsfw



RSS




pop the question


# pop-the-question - Yesterday’s News

From The Daily Edge 
Pop The Question


 8 questions no one should ever ask anyone again

Yesterday, 1:00 PM

32,138 Views            

 120 Comments                
            


                For everyone’s benefit.        
 Share165  Tweet  





















Your sayView more polls







Poll: Is the extension of the JobBridge scheme a good idea?
A PROTEST IS being planned today calling on the Government to reverse it’s decision to allow people to remain longer on a JobBridge internship.
Minister Joan Burton confirmed last month that the maximum duration for internships will increase from nine to 18 months.
However, organisers of today’s demonstration say the move only further normalises the practice of people working for free.
What do you think?
Poll Results:Yes, an 18 month internship could give people invaluable work experience.Nine months is enough, any more than that and companies are taking advantage.The whole scheme should be scrapped, it's not working.Vote


 Share  Tweet  70 











Opinion & Insight
Share your story: opinions@thejournal.ie




Aaron McKenna: Just where does all that tax you pay go?
By Aaron McKenna - @AaronMcKenna

Do you know how much you personally spend on constructing new schools? On infrastructure? On servicing national debt? Aaron McKenna looks at how the Government spends your money. 




Column: Silence can be the most damaging sound of all 
By Christie Louise Tucker

The condemnation over two major retailers selling ‘mental patient’ costumes is to be welcomed – but it underlines just how much we need to talk openly about mental health, writes Christie Louise Tucker. 




Column: I’m no different to a human trafficker
By Antoine Murray

I successfully lured a beautiful Eastern European blonde to Ireland to work. I, of course, had promised the world: happiness, love, professional dignity. She fell for it.




Lisa McInerney: It’s patronising to say Miley Cyrus is being exploited by evil executives
By Lisa McInerney - @SwearyLady

Sinead O’Connor has written to Miley Cyrus expressing concern that she is being manipulated – but Cyrus is an industry veteran with who understands very well what she’s doing, writes Lisa McInerney.




Column: Our property market is dysfunctional but we’re hell bent on keeping up appearances
By Karl Deeter - @karldeeter

A more than 10 per cent rise in Dublin property prices is being heralded as ‘recovery’ by some and a ‘mini-bubble’ by others, writes Karl Deeter – but what’s the truth?







            Dublin Weather
        
Change location







                    Saturday                


                    Fog, then some sun                

                    Max: 18 °C
                

                    Min: 12 °C
                



                    Sunday                


                    Low clouds may break; mild                

                    Max: 20 °C
                

                    Min: 13 °C
                



                    Monday                


                    Mostly cloudy                

                    Max: 18 °C
                

                    Min: 13 °C
                






Most Popular
Most Commented




Most Popular

Most viewed articles in the past 24 hours








                            Limerick                        


                                Body of young woman found in search for missing teen Chloe Kinsella                            










                            NSFW                        


                                Escort and ‘hook-up’ sites among attempts to access porn at Leinster House                            










                            pop the question                        


                                8 questions no one should ever ask anyone again                            










                            Late Late Show                        


                                Sinéad O’Connor believes music is being murdered                            










                            Sinead O'Connor                        


                                Sinéad O’Connor to appear on tonight’s Late Late Show to discuss Miley Cyrus row                             









Most Commented

Most commented articles in the past 3 days








                            Late Late Show                        


                                Sinéad O’Connor believes music is being murdered                            










                            Abortion                        


                                Priest resigns from Mater Hospital board over decision to comply with abortion law                            










                            Your Say                        


                                Poll: How will you vote in the Seanad referendum?                            










                            Retail                        


                                Daintree Paper boss responds to criticism over gay cake-topper row                            










                            Gloves off                        


                                AS IT HAPPENED: Prime Time Seanad debate                            










From BusinessEtc







                    Kildare                


Intel chooses Ireland to design new micro chip












                    Facebook                


                        Massive Facebook study reveals what your status updates say about you                    













                    Money Money Money                


                        Twitter files a $1 billion IPO                     








From The Daily Edge







                    Sinead O'Connor                


Sinéad O’Connor to appear on tonight’s Late Late Show to discuss Miley Cyrus row 












                    pop the question                


                        8 questions no one should ever ask anyone again                    













                    emosh                


                        Kodaline’s ‘All I Want’ has a new video, and it’ll make you cry                    








From The Score







                    Liveblog                


LIVE: Man City v Everton, Premier League 












                    Interview                


                        ‘Nothing delivers more drama than Premier League football’                    













                    lance                


                        ‘The Armstrong Lie’: a new film on the Lance Armstrong doping scandal                    








News in Photos




 

 

 

 

 

 






News in Video




 

 

 

 

 

 




Submit news and pictures


Download our app























 


Trending Opinions








Aaron McKenna: Just where does all that tax you pay go?
Aaron McKenna




Do you know how much you personally spend on constructing new schools? On infrastructure? On servicing national debt? Aaron McKenna looks at how the Government spends your money. 









Column: Silence can be the most damaging sound of all 
Christie Louise Tucker




The condemnation over two major retailers selling ‘mental patient’ costumes is to be welcomed – but it underlines just how much we need to talk openly about mental health, writes Christie Louise Tucker. 









Column: I’m no different to a human trafficker
Antoine Murray




I successfully lured a beautiful Eastern European blonde to Ireland to work. I, of course, had promised the world: happiness, love, professional dignity. She fell for it.







Most Popular Today









                                1                            


Body of young woman found in search for missing teen Chloe Kinsella



86,097 
                                    
111









                                2                            


Escort and ‘hook-up’ sites among attempts to access porn at Leinster House



32,450 
                                    
108









                                3                            


LIVEBLOG: Dublin ‘says No’ but still ‘too close to call’ elsewhere as results start to come in 



29,390 
                                    
160














                                1                            


This woman says she’s voice of Siri – and a voice expert agrees



25,302 
                                    
54









                                2                            


The cheapest petrol prices around Ireland*



15,370 
                                    
59









                                3                            


Aaron McKenna: Just where does all that tax you pay go?



6,311 
                                    
42














                                1                            


‘Boot Heineken Cup rebel unions out of the Six Nations’



15,160 
                                    
22









                                2                            


‘Flattering and borderline embarrassing’ – Shane O’Donnell on new-found fame



7,655 
                                    
13









                                3                            


Nerveless Paddy Jackson kicks Ulster to crucial win over Ospreys



6,345 
                                    
6














                                1                            


8 questions no one should ever ask anyone again



32,096 
                                    
120









                                2                            


Sinéad O’Connor believes music is being murdered



31,760 
                                    
322









                                3                            


Sinéad O’Connor to appear on tonight’s Late Late Show to discuss Miley Cyrus row 



26,833 
                                    
179











Trending Tags




BANKS






                                        IMF review says close supervision of Irish banks is essential                                    



                                        The 9 at 9: Friday                                    



                                        Banks to refund €25m to customers over mis-sold policies                                    





NSFW






                                        Escort and ‘hook-up’ sites among attempts to access porn at Leinster House                                    



                                        No log kept of TDs’ and Senators’ internet browsing history                                     



                                        “Ah lads the place is a f***in’ mess” – House proud husky loses it                                     





GARDAí






                                        Man dies after car collides with truck on M7                                    



                                        Lindsey Kinsella: I never thought I’d see this day                                    



                                        Pedestrian killed after being hit by car in Westmeath                                    





IRELAND






                                        Irish-made show has been nominated for an international Emmy                                    



                                        Man dies in traffic collision in Monaghan                                    



                                        Intel chooses Ireland to design new micro chip                                    





LIMERICK






                                        The 9 at 9: Saturday                                    



                                        Body of young woman found in search for missing teen Chloe Kinsella                                    



                                        Growing concerns for missing 15-year-old Chloe Kinsella                                    





SINEAD O'CONNOR






                                        TD criticised for Sinéad O’Connor ‘mad as brush’ message                                    



                                        Sinéad O’Connor believes music is being murdered                                    



                                        Sinéad O’Connor to appear on tonight’s Late Late Show to discuss Miley Cyrus row                                     









About Us

About Us
We're Hiring!
Contact Us
Advertising



Follow Us

Twitter
Facebook



Corrections

Report Content



Policies

Terms of Use
Privacy Policy
Cookies Policy
Comments Policy
Copyright Policy



Content copyright © Journal Media Ltd. 2013
                Registered in Dublin, registration number: 483623.
                Registered office: 3rd floor, Latin Hall, Golden Lane, Dublin 8.
            

Please note that TheJournal.ie uses cookies to improve your experience and to provide services and advertising. For more information on cookies please refer to our cookies policy.
News images provided by Press Association and Photocall Ireland unless otherwise stated. Irish sport images provided by Inpho Photography unless otherwise stated. Wire service provided by Associated Press.
Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for user created content, posts, comments, submissions or preferences. Users are reminded that they are fully responsible for their own created content and their own posts, comments and submissions and fully and effectively warrant and indemnify Journal Media in relation to such content and their ability to make such content, posts, comments and submissions available. Journal Media does not control and is not responsible for the content of external websites.
Switch to Mobile Site
Sites:
                TheJournal.ie |
                BusinessETC.ie |
                TheScore.ie |
                DailyEdge.ie |
                Boards.ie |
                Adverts.ie |
                Daft.ie











Blow the whistle or share a story


Upload an image


Upload an image

cancel


Add an image URL

cancel




Upload a video |
				Add YouTube video


Upload a video

cancel


YouTube Address (URL):

cancel




Your email (optional)

Submit



Alternatively, you can email us at: tips@thejournal.ie



Please log in to comment





















Please log in with facebook to Share
















Please log in





















RSS feeds available here:

TheJournal.ie Latest News Feed#pop-the-question Latest News Feed 





Report an error, omission or problem:


Message:




Your Email (optional)



Submit








Create Email Alert
Create an email alert based on the current article

Email Address




One email every morning

As soon as new articles come online





Submit








TheJournal.ie Facebook Edition


Share stories with your friends and family easily
Comment without having to login
More features coming soon...


















