BBC News - Boston bombings: Muslim Americans await bomber's ID 






       

                Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help      bbc.co.uk navigation   News   Sport   Weather   Travel   Future   Autos   TV   Radio   More…         Search term:             




US & Canada







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia
Europe
Mid-East
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video


























18 April 2013
Last updated at 14:18 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect




Latest


Live


Suspects


Maps


Video


In pictures


Muslim fears






By Lynsea Garrison
BBC News 



The entire Boston community is mourning the bombings. But Muslims also fear a backlash


Continue reading the main story


In today's Magazine


A village in limbo


The pain when children fly the nest


Quiz of the week's news


Who, what, why: Why build a ship tunnel?



 As the investigation into who was behind the Boston bombings goes on, Muslim communities are braced for a backlash should the perpetrator share their faith.
The day after the Boston Marathon bombings, Yusef was treated differently.
The 10-year-old went to his Ohio school and was surprised by a question from a classmate, according to his family.  While the class was discussing the explosions, the classmate is said to have asked: "Does that mean Yusef is going to blow up the school?"
A confused Yusef, whose family asked that his last name not be used, says he repeated the classmate's question. But the teacher apparently only heard Yusef's end of the exchange, a misunderstanding that resulted in detention and having his locker searched.
This story is exactly what Anum Hussain feared when she first heard of the bombings. Hussain is a regional director with the Muslim Inter-Scholastic Tournament and teaches Muslim youth about bullying. 
Having grown up in the aftermath of 9/11, Hussain worries that this generation of Muslims could be bullied because of the blasts - especially if the person responsible is a Muslim.
"The sad truth is that regardless of the facts, people are already getting unfairly stereotyped," says Hussain. 
"We're all on the edge of our seats praying that the person who did these acts isn't a Muslim. We're tired of being blamed for the actions of one person."

Continue reading the main story “Start Quote
A white terrorist will be framed as an individual aberration. A culprit who is an Arab, Muslim or black American will vilify an entire community of people”
End Quote
 Khaled Beydoun, 
UCLA School of Law
 It's a sentiment shared by many, especially among Arab, African, Asian and Sikh Americans. As the FBI investigation inches closer to finding a suspect, these communities fear a new wave of ethnically charged violence and harassment. 
Some Muslims see progress in the way they are treated, and are heartened by the official response to the Boston attacks, which has used language with care and deliberation. 
"It starts with the leadership of the country, if they are being able to do this slowly, it will trickle down to the people," one woman at a meeting of the Islamic Society of Northeastern University told the BBC.
"Even news and online articles are starting to tone down a little from a few years ago. People are starting to understand that not all Muslims are bad."
But others are concerned that the good work of the past few years could be quickly undone if the bomber is Muslim. 
"Despite some of the headway and normalcy achieved since 9/11, it could be extinguished in an instant if the perpetrator fits the caricature of a terrorist," says Khaled Beydoun, a critical race studies fellow at UCLA School of Law. 
When Beydoun heard about the Boston attacks, he was worried about a friend who was running in the marathon. But a familiar fear crept into his mind as he thought about who was responsible for the attacks. 
From crises such as the Newtown shootings to the blasts in Boston, Beydoun has always worried about the national reaction if the perpetrator is a Muslim or "looks" Muslim.
"It's part of this collective consciousness that Muslims and Arab-Americans experience in any time of crisis," says Beydoun.
He thinks that white suspects are treated differently to suspects from minority groups.
"With a white American versus an Arab or Muslim American, we know from previous incidences that a white terrorist will be framed as an individual aberration," he says. 
"Whereas a culprit who is an Arab, Muslim or black American will vilify an entire community of people."









Please turn on JavaScript. Media requires JavaScript to play.





























Muslims in Boston discuss their fears with the BBC's Franz Strasser



 Many people point to the shootings in Newtown, Oak Creek, and Aurora as examples - the white men all responsible for those tragedies were described as being mentally ill, not representative of an entire culture or race. 
As major cities across the nation tightened security to prepare for additional threats, Muslims and advocacy groups braced for their own set of dangers. Past data points to spikes in hate crimes associated with major attacks in the US, especially after 9/11.
The Muslim Public Affairs Council is one of the organisations preparing for a potential backlash against Muslims in the US. 
President Salam Al-Marayati says the organisation has reached out to Homeland Security officials and law enforcement, routine steps for any advocacy group working with Muslims and vulnerable communities.
While no-one can predict the magnitude of response if the person responsible for the Boston bombings is Muslim, it could be comparable to 9/11, says Trevor Aaronson, author of the Terror Factory. 
"You'll see a similar ratcheting up of Islamophobia that right now exists under the surface," he says. 
The prospect of harassment reminiscent of the post-9/11 environment worries Hussain.
"I didn't start getting bullied until after 9/11," says Hussain. "And it continued through middle school, through high school and up to college; it's not something that ever stops."
Muslims have been under the public microscope since Monday's bombings. 
In the absence of facts and a suspect, pundits are scrambling to speculate on who is to blame. Inaccurate media reports quickly identified a Saudi national as a person of interest, but the man was later cleared of any association with the attacks - he was merely a victim of the explosion.
"The fact that this individual was brown, Arab-looking and on site put him within the terrorist caricature that people have in mind," says Beydoun. 
An outpouring of tweets and blog posts have also been circling the social sphere. Many of the messages are ones of support, but several expose a xenophobic undercurrent in the American response to the tragedy. Tweets with racist expletives blamed "sand monkeys" and "towel heads" for the attacks, while the word "Muslim" even trended on Twitter this week. 


As the investigation continues, photos of suspects have been released 

While many people say it shouldn't matter what the culprit's faith or ethnicity is, Beydoun knows it will sadly have major significance.
"Does it matter if it's a Caucasian woman?" he asks. "No, probably not. But does it matter to the millions of Muslims living in the US? Yes, it does. It has very practical significance on the trajectory of our entire lives, and on the frightening backlash against entire communities."
For Hussain, while she's frustrated with some of the reactions since the bombings, she's overwhelmed by the support from the Boston community and remains hopeful for a fair outcome of the FBI investigation.
"My hope is that regardless whether the person who committed these terrible acts is white, Muslim or black, people will remain understanding," she says. 
"People will understand that the bombings have nothing to do with any group or religion."
It's a hope she clings to while watching the news with anticipation.




More on This Story


In today's Magazine
	      






A village in limbo

The border between El Salvador and Honduras was officially settled in 1992. But while it is now in Honduras on paper, the reality is rather different.










The pain when children fly the nest

With exam season a little over a month away, Adam Gopnik looks ahead with dread to that painful moment when his children leave the family home.










Quiz of the week's news

The Magazine's weekly quiz of the news, 7 days 7 questions. 









Who, what, why: Why build a ship tunnel?

The Norwegian government has backed a plan to create the world's first ship tunnel. But why has nobody built one before?









How flash mob flamenco took on the banks

Jason Webster looks at the flash mob flamenco phenomenon - the latest version of an art form that has reconnected flamenco with its origins in social protest.













Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More US & Canada stories
RSS




Gunfire heard amid Boston manhunt

Gunfire rings out as police hunting a teenage suspect in the Boston Marathon bomb attacks converge on an area in Watertown, media report.



Texas explosion deaths rise to 14




US approves Dreamliner battery fix












Top stories



Gunfire heard amid Boston manhunt


Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect Live


Serbia and Kosovo in landmark accord


Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro sworn in


Texas explosion deaths rise to 14









Features & Analysis




Forgotten village 

The community in limbo, with no police, bank or doctor  	
				  




Pipe dreams

How is it possible to build a tunnel for large ships? 	
				  




BP's Deepwater Horizon, three years on

A new way to explore the story in video 	
				  




Day in pictures

Twenty-four hours of news photos from around the world 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Tributes to Floyd artist Thorgerson



2: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect



3: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



4: 'Most Earth-like' worlds detected



5: Tanzania's Maasai battle game hunters for grazing land



Read




1: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



2: Gunfire heard amid Boston manhunt



3: Boston: Internet detectives get it wrong



4: Profile: The Tsarnaev brothers 



5: Who, what, why: Why build a ship tunnel?



6: 'Raped' Delhi girl in critical state



7: Muslim Americans await the bomber's ID 



8: Texas explosion deaths rise to 14



9: In pictures: Boston manhunt



10: Cispa cyber bill passed by US House



Video/Audio




1: Shots fired in Boston bomber manhunt Watch



2: Boston suspects' father speaks out Watch



3: Who are the Boston attack suspects? Watch



4: World's oldest person turns 116 Watch



5: Huge Chicago sinkhole swallows cars Watch



6: 'Bullet came through my wall' Watch



7: Boston attacks: SWAT searches house Watch



8: Boston Muslims react to marathon bombs Watch



9: One-minute World News Watch



10: Smart glasses and other tech news Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC



Scrubbing the skies 

Is capturing atmospheric carbon the most important thing we can do to save our planet? 















Programmes



Click Watch

Google reveals more about its smart glasses plus other tech news




















Services

 Mobile
 Connected TV
 News feeds
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
Media Action
Editorial Guidelines




    BBC links    Mobile siteTerms of UseAbout the BBC     Advertise With UsPrivacyBBC Help     Ad ChoicesCookiesAccessibility Help     Parental GuidanceContact Us       BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  








































    





