Today in the news: At least 14 dead in fertilizer plant explosion - Bath, NY - The Courier











Search our print archives »














Jobs





Homes





Cars





Subscribe





Shopping





Classifieds

















Homepage


News


Blogs


Sports


Lifestyle


Entertainment


Opinions


State News


Obituaries


MYSOURCE



Videos








Online Forms


Coupons


Facebook


Share your photos




Police and Fire


Education


Business




Wild Bill


Section 5 Talksback


The Wine Press




Buffalo Bills




Calendar


Food


Celebrations


Columnists


Branded Content


Faith




Facebook


TV Guide




Columnists


Editorials


Letters to the Editor











Hot Links
Facebook
AUTO RACING
Games
Boston Bombings










































Today in the news: At least 14 dead in fertilizer plant explosion


















Yellow Pages


Find whatever you're looking forwith Totally Local Yellow Pages













Popular Searches
 
					Apartments in Bath 
					Attorneys in Bath 
					Auto Dealers in Bath 
					Auto Parts in Bath 
					Auto Repair in Bath
					  Beauty Salons in Bath 
					Car Rental in Bath 
					Dentists in Bath 
					Doctors in Bath 
					Flowers in Bath 
					Hotels in Bath 
					Insurance in Bath 
					Loans in Bath 
					Mortgages in Bath 
					Movers in Bath 
					Pizza in Bath 
					Realtors in Bath 
					Restaurants in Bath 
					Storage in Bath 
					Tax Preparation in Bath 
					Travel in Bath 
					Featured 
					More...



Featured Business »





Events Calendar





By Anonymous


More Content Now

Posted Apr 19, 2013 @ 06:00 PM









































News to know

	Fourteen bodies have been recovered at the scene of the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion, CNN reports. Approximately 200 people were injured and 50 homes were destroyed by the blast on Wednesday, another 60 people are unaccounted for. Authorities have not given an official number of casualties, but some fire officials confirmed deaths on their crews. Five firemen from West, one fireman from Dallas and four emergency responders were among those killed. The cause of the explosion is not yet known, so the area is still being treated as a crime scene. The explosion happened two days before the 20th anniversary of the Waco siege by federal agents that killed 80 members of the Branch Davidian sect. Waco is about 20 miles north of West.

Quote of note

	"While perspectives and opinions vary significantly, parents, adults in the Scouting community and teens alike tend to agree that youth should not be denied the benefits of Scouting." -- From a statement from the Boy Scouts of America, who announced a proposal today to lift a ban on gay members, according to the Associated Press.

Hot video: Malala Yousafzai, Jay-Z, Jimmy Fallon on Time's 100 Most Influential list



More Content Now News



News to know

	Fourteen bodies have been recovered at the scene of the West, Texas fertilizer plant explosion, CNN reports. Approximately 200 people were injured and 50 homes were destroyed by the blast on Wednesday, another 60 people are unaccounted for. Authorities have not given an official number of casualties, but some fire officials confirmed deaths on their crews. Five firemen from West, one fireman from Dallas and four emergency responders were among those killed. The cause of the explosion is not yet known, so the area is still being treated as a crime scene. The explosion happened two days before the 20th anniversary of the Waco siege by federal agents that killed 80 members of the Branch Davidian sect. Waco is about 20 miles north of West.

Quote of note

	"While perspectives and opinions vary significantly, parents, adults in the Scouting community and teens alike tend to agree that youth should not be denied the benefits of Scouting." -- From a statement from the Boy Scouts of America, who announced a proposal today to lift a ban on gay members, according to the Associated Press.

Hot video: Malala Yousafzai, Jay-Z, Jimmy Fallon on Time's 100 Most Influential list



More Content Now News





























Popular Videos









Report: Shots fired near Watertown, Mass.; man hiding in boat


 









Boston on Lockdown: 'It's a War Zone'


 









Father Of Boston Bombings Suspects:My Sons Have Been Set Up


 









What We Know About the Boston Bombing Suspects


 









Uncle: Boston Bombing Suspect 'Turn Yourself In'


 









Zarate: Terror suspects may be "self-radicalized"


 

















































Comments


							Thank you for the abuse report.  We will review the report and take appropriate action.
						
Loading comments...




















 


























Site Services
• Obituaries
• Place an Ad
• Subscribe
• Online Forms
• Archives


Market Place
• Classifieds
• Find Bath jobs
• Real Estate
• Shopping
• Coupons
• Radar Frog


Community Info
• Steuben County Government
• Hamondsport Chamber of Commerce
• The Leader
• Evening Tribune


Communities
• Avoca
• Bath
• Campbell
• Hammondsport
• Prattsburgh
• Savona


Sports
• Bath Sports
• Avoca Sports
• Campbell-Savona.sports
• Hammondsport sports
• Prattsburgh sports


Lifestyle
• Food
• Celebrations
• Entertainment







Contact us | 
						Privacy Policy |
						 Terms of Service |
						
					

						The Courier |
						10 West Steuben St. Bath, NY 14810
						
						
					
Copyright © 2006-2013 GateHouse Media, Inc. Some Rights Reserved.
Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted.

RadarFrog Merchant Directory

			
		
	
	
     | 
     
     	Internet Marketing by Propel Marketing | 
     
	 
	 RadarFrog

































