Huge Blast at Texas Fertilizer Plant Kills at Least 5 - NYTimes.com




Subscribe:

Digital / Home Delivery


Log In
Register Now
Help



Home Page
Today's Paper
Video
Most Popular



Edition: U.S. / Global








Search All NYTimes.com












U.S.





World
 
U.S.
PoliticsEducationTexas 
N.Y. / Region
 
Business
 
Technology
 
Science
 
Health
 
Sports
 
Opinion
 
Arts
 
Style
 
Travel
 
Jobs
 
Real Estate
 
Autos
















Battered Town Seeks Missing After Blast Kills at Least 5 






 

By 

MANNY FERNANDEZ and 
JOHN SCHWARTZ

Published: April 18, 2013    













WEST, Tex. — The blast was so powerful that the United States Geological Survey registered it as a 2.1-magnitude earthquake. It reduced an apartment complex to a charred skeleton, leveled homes in a five-block radius and burned with such intensity that railroad tracks were fused together. It killed up to 15 people and injured up to 180. Volunteer firefighters were missing. Residents of a nursing home were pulled from debris and rushed to hospitals.        



  
 Multimedia






Map



Site of Fertilizer Plant Explosion











Search for Victims in Texas Explosion



Search for Victims in Texas Explosion







Close Video



See More Videos »



 


Related



The Lede: Video of Texas Fertilizer Plant Explosion
(April 17, 2013)







Connect With Us on Twitter
Follow @NYTNational for breaking news and headlines.
 Twitter List: Reporters and Editors




Enlarge This Image










LM Otero/Associated Press
Emergency workers searched a severely damaged apartment building in West on Thursday.                            




By Thursday evening, one day after a fertilizer plant here caught fire and then exploded, no one among the hundreds of local, state and federal officials and first-responders who converged on this town north of Waco was certain about the cause. They only knew its effect.        
“There are homes that are no longer homes,” said Sgt. W. Patrick Swanton, a spokesman for the Waco Police Department, who toured the streets near the plant at 10 p.m. Wednesday, about two hours after the blast. “The apartment complex was roughly a 50-unit apartment complex. As you look at the front of that complex, you can see inside the apartments. Walls were ripped off, the roof was peeled back.”        
A day later, it took the descriptive skills of survivors and emergency workers to get a sense of the true scope of the devastation — the authorities prohibited anyone not involved in the search-and-rescue effort from entering the area around the plant and even put a no-fly zone restriction on the airspace overhead.        
But what became clear was that the explosion had destroyed a significant piece of a small town in the center of Texas, damaging up to 75 homes and setting off an extensive, meticulous search for survivors in the rubble of the plant and the surrounding buildings. The smoke that wafted over them seemed out of place in this green, cattle-rich area locally known as the boyhood backyard of the country singer Willie Nelson.        
A spokesman for the F.B.I. in San Antonio said Thursday there had been no indication of criminal activity in the West plant explosion.        
The authorities said they believed that at least 5 people and perhaps as many as 15 had died, though they said that number could rise. Three to five members of the West Volunteer Fire Department and those of other towns remained missing. They had responded to a fire that broke out at the plant about 7:30 p.m. Wednesday, and were fighting the blaze when the blast occurred about 7:50 p.m.        
“The explosion came very quickly,” Sergeant Swanton said. “They knew the threat. They knew the seriousness of the situation they were in. They immediately started moving to an evacuation process, absolutely doing the right thing to try and get people out of harm’s way.”        
Perry Calvin, 37, a married father of two with a third on the way, was one of the missing volunteer firefighters. He had been attending an emergency medical technician class in West on Wednesday evening when a firefighter in the class got a page about the fire at the fertilizer company, said his father, Phil Calvin.        
Perry Calvin and another man drove to the scene together and got there before the explosion. The other man was found dead Wednesday night.        
“It doesn’t look good, but we don’t have anything confirmed yet,” Phil Calvin, the fire chief in the town of Navarro Mills, said Thursday afternoon. About an hour after he spoke those words, he got the news, sitting by the phone at his home in nearby Frost: his son was indeed among the dead.        
Perry Calvin was not even a firefighter with the West department. He volunteered with another department in a nearby town, but had rushed to the scene to help, because he happened to be close. He is the kind of guy who would be right at the head of the line, his father said. “He would do what he could to put the fire out or help find people.”        
Law enforcement officials said they had not determined the cause of either the fire or the explosion, and were focusing on the search for survivors. The blast occurred two days before the anniversary of the bombing of Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building in Oklahoma City, an attack set off by explosives made from fertilizer that killed 168 people on April 19, 1995. And it happened two days after bombs exploded at the finish line at the Boston Marathon.        
The White House issued a statement from President Obama, in which he pledged that the Federal Emergency Management Agency and other federal agencies would join state and local efforts “to make sure there are no unmet needs as search and rescue and response operations continue.”         1  2 Next Page » 
Manny Fernandez reported from West, and John Schwartz from New York. Reporting was contributed by Clifford Krauss in West; Emma G. Fitzsimmons, Christine Hauser, Henry Fountain and Ravi Somaiya in New York; Steven Greenhouse in Austin, Tex.; and Ian Urbina in Washington.
 
 













 










Try unlimited access to NYTimes.com for just 99¢.  SEE OPTIONS »














Get Free E-mail Alerts on These Topics












Texas






Fertilizer








Accidents and Safety








 








 

 







 

 

 



 

 




Bill Cunningham | Dress rehearsal


      Also in Video »
      


Bill Cunningham | Parading
Bill Cunningham | Wild ones










 



 








 











 

            Inside NYTimes.com        








Home & Garden »




Making the Best of It at the Milan Furniture Fair





Fashion & Style »




Keeping Their Art to Themselves





Business »




Breaking Up Is Hard to Do




Opinion »
Gabrielle Giffords: A Senate in the Gun Lobby’s Grip
How the N.R.A. crushed background checks.





U.S. »




War and Sports Shape Better Artificial Limbs





Opinion » 



Op-Ed: Lighting a Spark on the High Plains





Home & Garden »




A Pox on Your Flowers





Fashion & Style »




London to Harlem via Chelsea




Opinion »
Fixes: A Talk With Muhammad Yunus
The microfinance pioneer discusses protecting the Grameen Bank and the future of social business.





Great Homes »




Twin Designers on Making a Home Together





Opinion » 



Letters: Not All Cheer as Museum Expands





World »




Afghan City’s Success Extends to Its Sex Trade












© 2013 The New York Times Company
Site Map
Privacy
Your Ad Choices
Advertise
Terms of Sale
Terms of Service
Work With Us
RSS
Help
Contact Us
Site Feedback









