Barbecue Brings Comfort to Boston and West, Texas – The Daily South | Your Hub for Southern Culture








Skip to Main Content



All You
Coastal Living
Cooking Light
Food and Wine
Health
My Recipes
Real Simple
Southern Living
Sunset


Southern Living




Food


Browse All >


Recipes


Quick-Fix Suppers


Entertaining


Holidays and Occasions


How-To


Healthy and Light

Cooking Videos



Home


Browse All >


Style Guide


Idea Houses


Holidays & Occasions


House Plans & Builders


Decorating Videos



Gardening


Browse All >


Essential Plant Guides
The Grumpy Gardener


Travel


Browse All >


Destinations


Trip Ideas


South's Best Lists



The Daily South


Browse All >


Dixie Chic


Hot Off the Skillet


Southern Snapshot


From the Test Kitchen


The Grumpy Gardener

Shop


Browse All >


Home Collection


Books


Custom Builder


Vacations


Southern Affairs



Magazine


Browse All >

Issues
Tablet Edition
Customer Service
Advertising
Subscribe
Give a Gift










Search Southern Living.com







Curb Appeal Made Easy


Test Kitchen Secrets


Outdoor Living



 












 




Barbecue Brings Comfort to Boston and West, Texas



April 26, 2013

 
| By Jessica Stringer
          |  
          
          		Comments (2)		  	





Trace Arnold and crew outside Massachusetts General Hospital / Photo courtesy of Trace Arnold
Sometimes there’s nothing like the comfort of a hot meal. So when pitmaster Trace Arnold learned of the recent tragedy in West, Texas, he decided to help out in the best way he knew how–with juicy, perfectly smoked ribs. The co-owner of 3 Stacks Smoke & Tap House loaded up his legendary Ultimate Smoker & Grill and barreled two hours down I-35. With his colossal grill capable of cooking 2,000 pounds of meat at once, Trace and his crew fed thousands of relief workers and victims.
Photo courtesy of Trace Arnold
But Trace’s barbecue wasn’t the only thoughtful meal the volunteers had eaten. One volunteer told Trace how Dr. Christopher Kabrhel (from Massachusetts General Hospital) sent pizza and good wishes (left) to a Waco emergency room. Just days after the horrific events in Boston, Dr. Kabrhel was still busy treating injured patients, but his heart was with his fellow doctors in Texas. Inspired by the Boston doctors’ generosity when another meal showed up, Trace decided to bring some Southern hospitality to Massachusetts.
“For the medical staff in Boston to be so thoughtful in the middle of their own city’s tragedy and think about us down here in Texas was just awesome,” Trace said.
“There’s been a lot of pain and chaos these past few days and it’s easy to get wrapped up in your own stuff. I commend the medical community of Boston for showing us such a big heart. In Texas everything is bigger and better so I couldn’t wait to deliver some mouthwatering ribs and say ‘thank you’ back to them.”
After catching a flight out of Dallas before the sun came up, Trace arrived in Boston on Tuesday with five coolers full of Southern comfort. He and Dawn Cruzan (from Camp Craig Allen) headed straight to Massachusetts General Hospital where staff members made the duo feel right at home by doning cowboy boots. After Dr. Kabrhel posed in a cowboy hat, Trace and his team treated the hardworking doctors and nurses to a barbecue lunch.
Just like bringing a covered dish to a neighbor in need, Trace stepped up with a small gesture that meant so much while Boston and West continue to heal.
Photo courtesy of Trace Arnold
Photo courtesy of Trace Arnold











« OLDER POSTS
NEWER POSTS » 




YOU MIGHT  ALSO LIKE:





Getting to Know St. Jude Chef Miles McMath





Derby Around The South





Hot List: Julia Reed’s Cookbook, Jazz Fest & Miami Hotels




COMMENTS







Logmat
Now that’s a story worth reading! That’s SL.

April 26, 2013 at 6:59 pm 









Texas BBQ Company Delivers Food to Boston and West, Texas Victims | TexanPost
[...] Go to this article [...]

April 29, 2013 at 11:30 am 







Leave a Comment Cancel reply



Enter your comment here...




Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in:


























 
 


Email (required) (Address never made public)



Name (required)



Website














 You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change )












 You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change )




Cancel
Connecting to %s




 Notify me of follow-up comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email.







 







 FEATURED BLOGS

Biscuits & JamDixie ChicFrom the Test KitchenHot Off the SkilletPaper Napkin InterviewSouthern Foodways AllianceSouthern SnapshotThe Grumpy Gardener





Advertisement


Most Popular


The South's Secret Clothing Outlets (Spoiler Alert We Found a Tory Burch!)



Getting to Know St. Jude Chef Miles McMath



Crepe Myrtle Pruning Step-by-Step



Fringe Tree -- The Best Native Tree Nobody Grows



Pruning Azaleas -- When & How



 










Main


Home and Garden


Food


Travel


Health and Beauty


Online Community


The Magazine


Marketplace


Mobile Site




Site Map


About Us


Blogs


Video


Message Boards


RSS Content Feeds


Frequently Asked Questions


Newsletters


Contact Us




Advertising


Careers


Subscribe to the Magazine


Tablet Edition


Magazine Customer Service


Reprints


Special Promotions


Sweepstakes



Become a fan of Southern Living on Facebook
Follow Southern Living on Twitter 


A Part of the MyRecipes Network
Real Simple Home & Lifestyle Network
RL Network














   	   			Copyright © 2013   						Time Inc. Lifestyle Group.
   	   				
   	   			All Rights Reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our
   	   			
   
      	   				Terms of Use
      				
   
   	   			and
   	   			
   Privacy Policy (
   Your California Privacy Rights).
   				
   Ad Choices



Powered by WordPress.com VIP 

















