Mistakes ultimately halted suspected cop-killer Christopher Dorner’s rampage  - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  Mistakes ultimately halted suspected cop-killer Christopher Dorner’s rampage  Although Christopher Dorner boasted that police agencies had no chance of capturing him except on his terms -- and made it clear that he was out for LAPD blood -- when it came to keeping ahead of the law, he made one gaffe after another.      THE ASSOCIATED PRESS    Published: Thursday, February 14, 2013, 10:15 AM  Updated: Thursday, February 14, 2013, 11:00 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Will Lester/AP 
A San Bernardino County Sheriff SWAT team on a search for Christopher Jordan Dorner on Friday, Feb. 8. Authorities found him four days later holed up in a cabin in the Big Bear Lake resort area. 

	 
    Related Stories   Vindictive ex-LAPD officer, a trained Navy marksman, has $1M price put on his head as he eludes authorities following deadly rampage   'A tragic misinterpretation:' LAPD under scrutiny after mistaken-identity shootings during hunt for accused killer ex-cop Christopher Dorner     Manhunt for ex-LAPD cop Christopher Jordan Dorner continues as death toll remains at 3 as his burned up vehicle is discovered near Big Bear, Calif.   Hunt for ex-cop Christopher Dorner goes on in Big Bear Lake, California, area amid snowstorm       
	LOS ANGELES — He styled himself as a Rambo-like guerrilla, someone trained to outwit and outshoot the police at every turn, and while Christopher Dorner left no doubt he could be unforgivingly violent, when it came to keeping ahead of the law during his deadly rampage, he made one gaffe after another.

	The last one — letting one of two people he tied up get loose and call police as he made off in their purple car — tipped authorities he was coming.

	The angry ex-cop, who authorities say boasted that police agencies had no chance of capturing him except on his terms, appears to have been killed Tuesday in a fierce gun battle after he wrecked two getaway cars and had to make a last stand in a mountain cabin 80 miles east of Los Angeles.

	The cabin went up in flames after authorities launched pyrotechnic tear-gas canisters into it, and authorities were all but certain the charred body found inside afterward was Dorner's. They are waiting for forensic tests to confirm that, but in the meantime San Bernardino County Sheriff John McMahon said Wednesday that authorities consider the hunt over.

	Personal effects, including Dorner's driver's license, were found with the body, an official briefed on the search told The Associated Press on condition of anonymity because the investigation was ongoing.

	Sheriff's deputies were not trying to burn down the cabin with Dorner inside but simply flush him out, McMahon said.


IRVINE POLICE DEPARTMENT/EPA 
Dorner in surveillance footage taken Jan. 28.
	
	  
PHOTOS: CHRIS DORNER MANHUNT
	"It was not on purpose," he told reporters Wednesday. "We did not intentionally burn down that cabin to get Mr. Dorner out."

	Karen and Jim Reynolds said they came face to face with Dorner on the day of his downfall.

	The couple said that they found him in their cabin-style condominium just a stone's throw from the sheriff's command post, and believe he had been holing up there periodically since Friday.

	The couple said Dorner bound them, put pillow cases over their heads and fled in their purple Nissan, but was able to get to Karen Reynolds' cellphone and dial 911.

	The Reynolds told their story at a news conference Wednesday night, they said, to clear up recent reports that it was two female housekeepers who had found Dorner and been tied up.


AP 
Redlands Policer officers at blockade near the entrance to the San Bernandino National Forest. A look back at Dorner's run from the law reveals the ex-cop made one gaffe after another, despite his Rambo-style boasts.  

	Their account could not immediately be confirmed by law enforcement officials, but it matched earlier reports saying it was a married couple, and property records showed them as the owners.
RELATED: EX-LAPD GUNMAN WAS 'PROFESSIONAL,' SAY HOSTAGES
	The manhunt, one of the largest in recent memory, began last week after Dorner was linked to the killings of a former Los Angeles police captain's daughter and her fiance.

	Soon after the couple was found shot death near their Orange County condo, authorities linked their killings to a long, rambling rant they say Dorner posted on Facebook vowing to get revenge on the Los Angeles police and their families for ruining his reputation by firing him.

	Dorner was dismissed for filing a false report wrongly accusing his training officer of kicking a mentally disabled man.

	"I will bring unconventional and asymmetrical warfare to those in LAPD uniform whether on or off duty," Dorner had boasted. "You will now live the life of the prey."


KCBS LOS ANGELES/CBS NEWS 
The burned down cabin in Big Bear, Calif. where Dorner engaged in gun battle with authorities on Tuesday. 

	As it turned out, none of Dorner's four victims were Los Angeles police officers. The other two were a Riverside officer he ambushed at a traffic light and a San Bernardino sheriff's deputy who died in Tuesday's firefight.

	"If you're really trying to kill all those people, if that's really your plan, and you're a great tactician, then you don't tell people," said Jim Clemente, a retired behavioral analyst for the FBI. "You don't tell LAPD in advance so they can put a bunch of bodyguards on people. He went and killed soft targets, innocent citizens, who had nothing to do with him at all. He used those to scare people, and he used those sadistically to harm the LAPD officer he wanted to get at."
RELATED: CHARRED REMAINS, DRIVER'S LICENSE FOUND IN DORNER CABIN
	After the first two killings, authorities say Dorner tried to steal a boat in San Diego and flee to Mexico but the former Navy veteran tangled a rope in the outboard motor and couldn't start it. Then he fled to the Big Bear Lake resort area, where his truck axle broke, stranding him on Thursday, just ahead of a heavy snowstorm.

	He may have caught a break when he found refuge in a vacant vacation cabin just across the street from a command post established for the hundreds of officers frantically searching for him.

	Despite a search that involved helicopters and bloodhounds and officers going door-to-door checking hundreds of vacation cabins, Dorner remained out of sight until he was discovered at the cabin near the command post Tuesday.


CNN 
Karen and Jim Reynolds went to check up on their Big Bear, Calif., condo when they were surprised by  Dorner and then briefly taken hostage. The couple said Dorner told them over and over that he would not kill them.  

	San Bernardino County Deputy Chief Steve Kovensky said searchers had not seen any forced entry when they checked it, but he could not provide details about exactly when that check was made.

	Authorities for the most part looked at cabins boarded up for the winter, said Dan Sforza, assistant chief of the California Department of Fish and Wildlife, and often didn't enter occupied homes where nothing appeared amiss.

	As he fled in the Nissan, Dorner managed to elude authorities for a time by pulling behind two school buses and making a quick turn onto a mountain road. But he crashed the car there and had to steal another.
RELATED: DORNER HAD ONLINE FOLLOWING 
	That's when he confronted Rick Heltebrake, a ranger who takes care of a Boy Scout camp nearby. He was checking the perimeter of the camp for anything out of the ordinary when he saw Dorner emerge from behind some trees. He was dressed in military fatigues and holding a semi-automatic-style rifle.

	"I don't want to hurt you. Start walking and take your dog," Heltebrake recalled Dorner saying as he pointed the gun at him. He fled with his 3-year-old Dalmatian, Suni, and immediately called police, who quickly found the suspect again.


Facebook  
Monica Quan (l.), the daughter of former LAPD Capt. Randal Quan, and fiance Keith Lawrence (r.) were found murdered Feb. 3 in Irvine, Calif. Police had been searching for suspect Christopher Dorner in connection to the slayings. 

	This time he opened fire as he drove past a car carrying game wardens looking for him. One of them got out of his own car and returned fire from his high-powered, semi-automatic rifle but apparently missed.

	Out of options after crashing the pickup, the driver made a break for a cabin and barricaded himself inside, where he made his last stand.

	Dorner's mother released a family statement disavowing her son's actions in his final weeks to the Fox affiliate in Los Angeles.

	"It is with great sadness and heavy hearts that we express our deepest sympathies and condolences to anyone that suffered losses or injuries resulting from Christopher's actions. We do not condone Christopher's actions," said the statement Nancy Dorner gave to KTTV-TV. "The family has no further comments and ask that our privacy be respected during this difficult time."

	Sheriff's Deputy Jeremiah MacKay was killed during that final gunfight and another deputy was wounded.

	MacKay, a detective who had been with the department 15 years, had a wife, 7-year-old daughter and 4-month-old son, sheriff's officials said. He had spoken to AP just last weekend, saying he hoped Dorner could be taken into custody without any more violence.

	"You just never know if the guy's going to pop out or where he's going to pop out," MacKay told an AP reporter. "We're hoping this comes to a close without any more casualties."

	If Dorner's body is identified, he'll be the final casualty.
  
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   F.B.I. joins search for Brown University student         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.     App delivers personalized dining recommendations     Ness 2.0 is catching up to Yelp, say its founders — with 4.5 million user-generated ratings so far.            News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   