Martin Richard, 8-year-old killed in Boston Marathon, made demand for 'peace' after Trayvon Martin shooting  - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  Martin Richard, 8-year-old killed in Boston Marathon, made demand for 'peace' after Trayvon Martin shooting  The boy's younger sister and mother were both hospitalized with serious injuries. The Dorchester family was watching the race.     By   Bev Ford And Jennifer Fermino In Boston  ,   David Boroff   AND    Stephen Rex Brown     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Tuesday, April 16, 2013, 8:14 AM  Updated: Wednesday, April 17, 2013, 6:37 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Lucia Brawley via Facebook 
Martin Richard, seen in this Facebook photo taken at a classroom event after the shooting of Trayvon Martin, was killed in the Boston Marathon terror attack.
   
	There's now a face on Monday’s terror attack at the Boston Marathon: A devastating photo of a now-dead 8-year-old boy holding a poster calling for an end to violence.

	“No more hurting people. Peace,” is the message held by Martin Richard in his classroom last April — part of a lesson on the shooting of Trayvon Martin, according to a Facebook post by Martin’s teacher, Rachel Moo.

	The picture quickly touched people the world over.

	“My prayer is that we all live by Martin’s words . . . by following his example,” Lucia Brawley, a friend of Moo, posted under Martin’s picture.

	Two members of the Richard family were also seriously injured in the second of the two deadly bombings near the finish line of the 26.2-mile race.


Whitehotpix/ZUMAPRESS.com 
Eight-year-old Martin Richard, pictured above, was killed in an explosion at the Boston Marathon as he waited to give his father a hug at the finishing line. Denise Richard suffered a brain injury and his younger sister lost a leg in the blast. 

	The family of five had just gotten ice cream and were on the sidelines trying to identify friends running by, Rep. Stephen Lynch, a friend of the family for 25 years, told the Associated Press.

	After hearing the first blast, the Richards were scrambling over barriers to get to the street when the second bomb went off.

	Martin was killed — one of three people who died in the explosions that were described Tuesday by President Obama as an “act of terror.”

	His 6-year-old sister, Jane, lost a leg. His mother, Denise — a librarian at Neighborhood House Charter School, where Martin attended the third grade — suffered a serious brain injury. They are among the 170 injured by the bombs.

	“My dear son Martin has died from injuries sustained in the attack on Boston. My wife and daughter are both recovering from serious injuries,” dad Bill Richard said in a statement.


Michael Dwyer/AP 
Neighbors hug outside the home of the Richard family. 

	“We thank our family and friends, those we know and those we have never met, for their thoughts and prayers. I ask that you continue to pray for my family as we remember Martin.”

	Bill Richard, 42, and the oldest child, Henry, 12, were not seriously injured, but doctors did remove ball bearings from Bill’s leg, said Lynch (D-Mass.).

	“Ball bearings are meant as antipersonnel munitions,” he added. “They were trying to cause carnage here.”
PHOTOS: TWO EXPLOSIONS ROCK BOSTON MARATHON FINISH LINE
	Bill Richard is well known in his home neighborhood, historic Dorchester.


Michael Dwyer/AP 
"PEACE" is written on the sidewalk in front of the Richard house in Dorchester. 

	“They are beloved by this community. They contribute in many ways. That’s why you see this outpouring,” City CouncilorAyanna Pressley told the Boston Globe.

	“It’s surreal, it’s tragic, it’s incomprehensible. Everyone . . . is trying to comfort one another and be prayerful.”

	A candle burned in front of the Richard home Tuesday morning.

	Children dropped off flowers and balloons at the front door. One little girl left pink flowers. Another carried orange, blue and pink balloons. An overturned child’s bicycle helmet lay in the front yard.

	One person wrote “PEACE” in chalk on the driveway.


Michael Dwyer/AP 
Tammy Lynch, right, comforts her daughter Kaytlyn, 8, after leaving flowers and some balloons at the Richard house. 

	Nine-year-old twins Alejandro and Andres Calderon remembered their pal as a top-notch soccer player who once dropped a sandwich, caught it on his foot, and then ate it on a dare.

	“Say you were at the beach with him on a hot day — You would have fun with him,” said Andres. “He wasn’t a bully or mean to anybody.”

	“He had a lot of friends and I’m pretty sure all of them liked him because he was very joyful,” added Alejandro. “He would joke about food coming to life.”

	The kids, like the adults accompanying them, were dejected.

	“He’d try to make everyone happy but (now) he can’t because he passed away,” said Alejandro.


Rachel Moo via Facebook 
Martin Richard, 8, who died during yesterday's explosion at the Boston Marathon. 

	The twins left behind a soccer ball from a game their team had recently won, a poignant tribute for a child.

	“I think of him as one of the MVPs of the team,” said Andres.
RELATED: BOSTON BOMBS WERE MADE FROM PRESSURE COOKERS
	Martin’s school, where Jane was in the first grade, also was grieving.

	“He was a bright, energetic young boy who had big dreams and high hopes for his future. We are heartbroken,” the Neighborhood House school, which has a student body of 400, said in a statement.


Michael Dwyer/AP 
Neighbors come to pay their respects at the Richard house. 

	“They are a wonderful family and represent the very best this city has to offer.”

	A teacher at the school — which was dispatching grief counselors to students, staff and families Tuesday — concurred.

	“They’re just the sweetest, nicest family you could meet,” said Holly Moulton.

	The happy kids were a common sight on their street.

	Martin was “a very outgoing, wonderful little kid. He was just adorable,” said neighbor Jane Sherman, 64.


BRIAN SNYDER/REUTERS 
Jacqueline Myers (right) and her ten year-old daughter Amira walk away after leaving a teddy bear on the doorstep, 

	She added that Martin, Jane and Henry were always playing soccer, hockey and riding bikes.

	Jane is “adorable — a little tomboy. Always climbing trees,” Sherman said.

	One of Martin and Jane’s fellow students at the school, Jaelyn Taylor, 11, brought a stuffed monkey to drop off at the mourning Richard home.

	“It was kind of scary and surprising because it was so close,” Jaelyn said of the attacks.

	A friend of the family said she’d remember Martin’s smile.


BRIAN SNYDER/REUTERS 
Two people leave flowers on the doorstep. 

	“What a gift. To know him was to love him,” Judy Tuttle said of the happy 8-year-old.
RELATED: BOSTON MARATHON SHOCKWAVE FELT IN NYC 
	She recalled recently sitting at the dining room table having tea with Denise Richard, 43, while the boy did his homework.

	“He had that million-dollar smile and you never knew what was going to come out of him. Denise is the most spectacular mother that you’ve ever met and Bill is a pillar of the community. It doesn’t get any better than these people.”

	Stunned neighbors struggled to comprehend the tragedy.


Facebook 
8-year-old Martin Richard, seen in this Facebook photo, was killed in the explosions at the Boston Marathon 

	“(They’re a) great family, actually,” said neighbor Wally Sorocky. “How does anyone deal with this? Hopefully (the mom) can pull through this. It’s horrible.”

	Lily Huynh said her 6-year-old daughter took singing lessons with Jane at nearby All Saints Church.

	“I have small children like her and it’s terrible to lose a child like that — and the little one is hurt. We’re very sad,” said Huynh.

	She added that the attack had sullied the marathon — a rite of spring the Richard family wanted to enjoy.

	“It’s a long winter and everybody looks forward to being outdoors,” Huynh said. “It’s a cowardly act.”


Charles Krupa/AP 
Medical workers aid injured people at the finish line of the 2013 Boston Marathon. 

	On Monday, Sherman got a glimpse of Bill Martin coming home at 10:30 p.m. He was still in hospital scrubs.

	“He looked absolutely horrendous. He was as white as a sheet,” Sherman said.

	“I said, ‘Bill, is anything wrong?’ He didn’t answer.”

	A friend with Bill could only respond: “Martin died.”

	With News Wire Services

	sbrown@nydailynews.com”
   
 
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   F.B.I. joins search for Brown University student         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.     Ke$ha posts nude photo on Instagram     Ke$ha isn't afraid to work her assets. The 26-year-old pop star followed in Rihanna's footsteps on Friday, posting a nude shot of herself to Instagram and Twitter.

          Elected officials blast MTA for neglecting Rockaways with new service cuts      Leave it to the MTA to create a “dream ride” to the Hamptons while slashing service to Sandy-impacted Rockaways. That was the message from elected officials on Friday who blasted the Metropolitan Transportation Authority for neglecting the storm-torn peninsula.     Justin Bieber, Selena Gomez reunite in Norway      Selena and Justin have reunited overseas. Selena Gomez touched down in Norway shortly before her ex, Justin Bieber, took the stage in the country's capital on Thursday.
          Brooklyn man caught in lesbian love triangle sentenced to 22 years to life            A Brooklyn man who claimed a female gang leader ordered him to kill a teenager for bedding her ex-girlfriend was sent upstate for life Friday.      Tamerlan Tsarnaev was an amateur boxing champ     Tamerlan Tsarnaev, the 26-year-old man who died early Friday morning after being involved in an intense firefight with police in Watertown, Mass., and who was the FBI's Suspect No. 1 in the terror bombing of the Boston Marathon Monday, was a former amateur boxing champion.     McDonald's warns on April sales     A queasy global economy and hungry competitors are giving McDonald's a bit of indigestion. The world's biggest fast-food chain on Friday warned it's expecting April sales to slip and reported a quarterly profit that fell short of analysts' expectations.           News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   