Attention turns to people around San Francisco Giants' Melky Cabrera over failed drug test scheme - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    Baseball         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     Politics   Sports     More of Sports :   Baseball     Football     Basketball     Hockey     College     High School     More Sports     I-Team     Sports Pics     Blogs       Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          Baseball     
     Attention turns to people around San Francisco Giants' Melky Cabrera over failed drug test scheme Media focuses on Juan Nunez, adviser who is taking the rap for Cabrera, and represents a growing problem in sports.      NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Tuesday, August 21, 2012, 12:47 AM  Updated: Tuesday, August 21, 2012, 3:58 AM                 Print            Print  Comment            Howard Simmons/New York Daily News 
	Melky Cabrera is obviously not safe from the people who are giving him bad advice.
    Related Stories   Melky Cabrera's positive test for testosterone could give TV networks pause         
	Juan Nunez.
    
	Ed Coleman has “one problem” with the Daily News’ Sunday story about Melky Cabrera’s attempt to beat baseball’s drug rap through a bogus website.

	And it has nothing to do with the Giants’ outfielder. Or whatever role he had in concocting the idiotic scheme.

	“The only problem I have is the Levinsons (Cabrera’s agents Sam and Seth) have been drawn into it,” Coleman said Sunday on WFAN. “They have nothing to do with it. I have known them for years. No one is more above board.”

	The bizarre plan, designed to get Cabrera’s 50-game suspension for testing positive for testosterone overturned, and the notion whoever authored and approved it actually thought they could get away with it, has brought an unusual focus on the people “around” the player.

	According to the Daily News report, Juan Nunez, whom the Levinsons call a “paid consultant” to their company — ACES — has taken sole responsibility for the website. Nunez said the Levinson brothers were not involved.

	In the long and winding history of baseball performance-enhancing drug scandals other lackeys, toadies and sycophants — like Greg Anderson, Barry Bonds’ trainer, or Angel Presinal, Alex Rodriguez’s mule, er, cousin — have been part of the media’s narrative.

	But in this case, the attempt to create a fictitious website, which included a make-believe sports cream, has brought a comical touch to a deadly serious matter, which could eventually have someone gazing out at freedom from the wrong side of a jail cell.

	“Can you be slapped down for stupidity? Do you give (whoever came up with the idea) points for creativity?” Mike Golic asked Monday on ESPN Radio. “After all, it’s a lot better than the dog ate my homework.”

	Face it, the kind of planning that went into the Lufthansa heist didn’t go into this caper.

	“I would have loved to have been in that room,” Golic said. “You could just hear these guys: ‘Yeah, it could work. We can create a website and say okay, Melky, you’re cool.’ ”

	Yes, this wasn’t such a great day for the Gang Who Couldn’t Think Straight.

	And since the Levinsons admitted to bringing Nunez in as a “paid consultant,” and since he has admitted to creating the phony site, we wonder what particular skill sets attracted the Levinsons to him in the first place?

	According to Seth Levinson, Nunez, who speaks Spanish, was hired to help the agents sign and take care of their Dominican clients. Could there have been other skills? The last time we checked, there were no shortage of folks around here who speak Spanish.

	“Just not great decisions by Melky or whoever else is helping him with these decisions,” John Kruk said Sunday on ESPN’s “Baseball Tonight.”

	“Players don’t believe the (drug) test is state of the art. Either that or (they believe) the cheating performance-enhancing substances are ahead of the testing,” Curt Schilling added on the broadcast. “He (Cabrera) clearly thought he was going to be able to get away with doing this.”

	Steve Berthiaume suggested to Kruk and Schilling that this was a situation where “someone whispers in someone’s ears” and tells them how to beat the system even if you get caught.

	“This is no surprise. I haven’t talked to anybody (in baseball) who says: ‘I’m shocked that this still happens.’ There’s always a way to get around the drug test thing. There’s nothing you can do about it,” Kruk said. “But to say the issue is over because there’s drug testing now? It’s been proven that ain’t happening.”

	The problem is not going away.

	Neither are those mysterious “people around” these players, shadows MLB can’t control. The market for them apparently is growing. How many more will surface during this Cabrera investigation? How many will eventually be busted?

	For pushing... a ridiculous idea.

	That only sounds funny.
   Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     4   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     5   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     6   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      7   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     8   Rockies romp way to three-game sweep of Mets     9   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     10   Feinsand: Sabathia not up to speed, but lefty says no big deal         1   Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     2   Raissman: Kid makes Keith lose control of fastball     3   Yanks rally, but D'Backs prevail in extras     4   Yankees Insider: Baseball collector catches two homers      5   Jeter out until 'after All-Star Game' with new ankle fracture     6   Mariano Rivera: King of all relievers     7   Mets Insider: d’Arnaud suffers a left foot fracture     8   Mets' Collins wants Wheeler, but Alderson may balk     9   Rangers rally in 9th, win 2-1 to tie World Series     10   Ex-Yank Berkman gets back at Texas               Apr 19th, 9:53AM    Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast: Robinson Cano, Al Leiter & news on Derek Jeter     On this week's edition of the Daily News Fifth Yankees Podcast, All-Star second baseman Robinson Cano talks with Mark Feinsand about carrying the            Apr 18th, 1:07PM    Travis D'Arnaud heading to New York to have broken foot examined by Mets doctors     
	Mets top catching prospect Travis d'Arnaud broke the first metatarsal on his left foot Wednesday night, Sandy Alderson said. The cornerstone of               Editors' Picks    Celtics star Garnett gets Melo with his trash talk     Kevin Garnett was anything Friday but the trash talker that sent Carmelo Anthony into a post-game tizzy earlier this season. The Celtics forward only complimented the Knicks and their star player on the eve of Saturday's playoff opener between the longtime rivals.      Lawrence: Who can REALLY beat the Heat?     Dominant throughout the regular season, it’s Miami’s championship to lose when the NBA playoffs start this weekend. With LeBron James putting together another MVP-caliber season, which would be his fourth in the last five seasons, the Heat blew away the competition.

     The Matchups: Knicks, Celtics ready to rumble     Carmelo Anthony will have plenty of chances to confront Kevin Garnett without having to chase him all the way to the Boston Celtics’ team bus. In fact, Anthony and the Knicks are in position to send Garnett on an early vacation and place the futures of Garnett, Paul Pierce and Doc Rivers into the great unknown.     Smith: Injury plus years say Captain’s short stay is over     When Derek Jeter was helped off the field with a fractured left ankle by Joe Girardi and trainer Steve Donohue during Game 1 of the American League Championship Series last year, who would have thought we might never see him play shortstop at Yankee Stadium ever again?     Tiger's ex-caddie says he should have been DQ'd     Steve Williams, the caddie for Masters champion Adam Scott, has told 3 News New Zealand his old boss, Tiger Woods, should have been disqualified for signing an incorrect scorecard after his Dropgate incident on the 15th hole of Friday's round.     PHOTOS: Pat Summerall | 1930-2013     Pat Summerall, the NFL player-turned-broadcaster whose deep, resonant voice called games for more than 40 years, has dies on April 16, 2013 at the age of 82.     PHOTOS: Two explosions rock Boston Marathon finish line     Two explosions ripped through the finish line of the Boston Marathon on April 15, 2013. The euphoria of crossing the finish line turned into bloody chaos as two blasts rocked the end of the 26.2-mile trek.     PHOTOS: MLB celebrates 5th annual Jackie Robinson Day     Major League Baseball pays tribute to its biggest pioneer, the man who integrated baseball and stood up for racial equality, Jackie Robinson of the Brooklyn Dodgers     New York Jets Flight Crew tryouts 2013     Check out the hopeful women who flocked to the 2013 tryouts for the New York Jets Flight Crew. Some of these lucky ladies could be chosen for the professional cheerleading squad.     Golf WAGs wow at the 2013 Masters     As the world's greatest golfers prepare to tee off, see who's at the top of the leaderboard when it comes to the hottest wives and girlfriends in golf ...           Sports Video



  

          





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   