The Date and Location Could Yield Significant Clues In the Boston Terror Attack














Stay Connected



Socialize









 




Check out the latest on Politicus Sports:




 18 Apr 2013 - NFC West Draft Needs Breakdown
 16 Apr 2013 - We Shall Overcome: Why The Events in Boston Will Make America Stronger
 15 Apr 2013 - Two Confirmed Dead During One Of Our Nations Largest Sporting Events
 14 Apr 2013 - Lakers Kobe Bryant Suffers Devastating Injury
 14 Apr 2013 - Tianlang Guan Shouldn’t Be Babied at the Masters
 13 Apr 2013 - The Culture of Homophobia: Why We’re Years Away From Having An Openly Gay Professional Athlete
 12 Apr 2013 - NFC East 2013 Draft Needs
 08 Apr 2013 - Unitas Family Feud
 07 Apr 2013 - The NCAA Final Four Are Now Down To The Top Two.
 07 Apr 2013 - Williams slams Williams In Straight Sets






 
 


Senator Bernie Sanders 

Bernie Sanders Introduces Bill That Would Lead to Jail For Too Big To Fail 











 
 


Speaker John Boehner 

Boehner Might Actually Allow Votes on Guns and Immigration 






HOME
Sports
ALL TIME POPULAR POSTS
Proof of the GOP War on Women
The Dirty Thirty
Contact Us





Koch Block It
Voting Rights
The War on Women
Research
About Us
Privacy Policy
President Obama








The Date and Location Could Yield Significant Clues In the Boston Terror Attack 

By: RmuseApr. 16th, 2013more from Rmuse








 




Follow @rmuse   





Speculation is the process of thinking about possibilities, or a particular conclusion arrived at from assumptions about a subject without firm evidence to support a claim. It is a human being’s natural tendency to make unsubstantiated assumptions when there are no concrete explanations for a tragic event, and after the bombings at the Boston Marathon yesterday, after the shock, sadness, and anger subsided into semi-rational thought, the first inclination was to speculate on who planted the bombs that wreaked havoc and carnage on innocent Americans. Although it is much too early to blame any specific terror group for the bombings, it is not too early to note the significance of the date and location that make speculating the bombings were a domestic terror attack as reasonable assumption as not.
Over the past three years, so-called “patriot” groups have called for civil war, race war, and outright rebellion against the United States government’s unfair taxation and attacks on personal liberty. Several militant groups have panted for a government crackdown to initiate a violent response from patriots to “take their country back” and “water the tree of liberty” with blood harkening back to the Revolutionary War and the idea that patriots will battle oppressive government to preserve their liberties. Yesterday, in Boston, the home of America’s first Tea Party and original patriot uprising, it was “Patriot Day” as well as “tax day” that marked the earliest beginnings of the Koch brothers anti-government tea party.
President Obama noted during a briefing that it is too  early to know who was behind the bombings in Boston, but he did mark the significance of the “day that celebrates the free and fiercely independent spirit that this great American city of Boston has reflected from the earliest days of our nation.” This “patriot day” is more than just commemorating the start of the Revolutionary War and the battles of Lexington and Concord that occurred on April 19, 1775. The day, and more importantly, the week marks the anniversary of several clashes between government and so-called patriots that make speculating the bombings in Boston were a domestic terror attack associated with the “right-wing patriot” movement relatively easy, and significant, for those who track militant hate groups harboring grudges against the government and threaten violence for their alleged “loss of liberty.”




There are more than a couple anniversaries of violence involving so-called “patriots” that occurred during this week including the Oklahoma City Bombing on April 19, 1995, and the Waco assault on the same day in 1993. Of particular interest is the Waco assault that began on a Monday, and it is a favorite rallying cry for militant anti-government groups and white supremacists who claim a similar event will be the reason for real American patriots to begin revolting against the government. It is noteworthy that the Alcohol, Tobacco, and Firearms attempt to serve search warrants on David Koresh’s Branch Davidian compound that ignited a gun battle and subsequent standoff did occur on Patriot’s Day in 1999, and for anti-government uber-patriots, it is a day that the government overstepped their authority by searching for illegal firearms. With all the outrage and threats of violence from gun fanatics over expanding gun safety laws, one cannot help but speculate what the connection is between the Boston Tea Party, Patriot Day, Waco, and the raging debate over gun safety laws “patriots” consider an  assault on the greatest of American liberties.
If there were not an increase in violent patriot groups clamoring for a revolution to establish what “patriots” claim is the original intent of the Revolutionary War, or gun zealots promising violence if gun safety laws were enacted, one may be inclined to wait for the FBI to complete their investigation and bring the perpetrators to justice as the President promised. But the flurry of calls for violence against this President and the government by so-called “patriots,” and their embrace of the Gadsden (don’t tread on me) Flag, coupled with the four-year persistent and unsubstantiated claims their liberties are trampled on certainly make speculating that it is no coincidence that the location, date, tax filing deadline, and anniversary of two other acts of violence against the government are not acts of domestic terrorism.
However, these may be just coincidences; but after three straight years of “patriot” groups openly calling for violence against the government, intimations from militant groups that it only takes one incident to ignite all out revolution or civil war, and calls by extremists to be ready to start shooting over an imaginary government crackdown, it appears to be more than coincidence and increasingly like an act of homegrown terrorism. In the end though, it is just speculation and without any firm evidence it is an unsubstantiated assumption based on three years of threats from militant hate groups, gun fanatics, and so-called patriots.

The Date and Location Could Yield Significant Clues In the Boston Terror Attack was written by Rmuse for PoliticusUSA, © Apr. 16th, 2013. All Rights Reserved








Related Posts :Obama on Boston Bombing, 'We Will Find Out Who Did This, and Hold Them Accountable.'
What President Obama didn't say in his statement about the Boston Marathon bombing is just as important ...The Original Tea Party was not Anti-Government but Anti-Corporation
Progressive political commentator Thom Hartmann has something to say about the real history of the Bosto ...Rush Limbaugh Compares Boston Bomber to Bill Ayers and Blames Environmentalists for Terrorism
Rush Limbaugh is leading the way for Republicans by comparing the Boston Marathon bomber to Bill Ayers, ...The Right Freaks Out and Thinks Obama Will Blame Boston Bombings On Tea Party
The right is freaking out and claiming that President Obama is going to blame the tea party for the Boston ...The NRA: Beholden to Gun Manufacturers and Betrayers of Their Country
An error stemming from ignorance, misinformation, or sheer delusion is sometimes labeled a formal fall ...By Blogsdna






36 Responses to The Date and Location Could Yield Significant Clues In the Boston Terror Attack 





 


Reynardine Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:13 am 



We do not know enough to say that. We do know that the bomber did not die in the attack, that no farewell video or internet manifesto has turned up, and that the bombs appear to have contained ball bearings and an explosive that produced white smoke and smelled like cordite. Whether one man, several, or many were involved, we cannot be sure.What do you think?  8  0 










 


Reynardineh Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 1:03 pm 



The last word is that the shrapnel was ordinary beebees and hardware nails, and this was an IED placed low so as to strike runners and spectators in the legs.What do you think?  2  0 










 


Tom Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:26 pm 



Right wing?
Since this was a patriotic event, wouldn’t this be more likely a left wing anti-patriotism thing?What do you think?  1  15 










 


djchefron(Moderator) Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:29 pm 



Tell me Tom who has been calling for nullification of the Federal government?What do you think?  13  0 










 


Tom 


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:37 pm 



I’m not going to get into an argument with you.
I’m just making a point.
I just take offence to your “Right Wing” conclusion.
Just pointing out, it could just as well be some crazy lefty.
My statement is just as valid as yours. Both are stupid and wrong to make.What do you think?  0  9 










 


djchefron(Moderator) 


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:40 pm 



I see your point but whatever left wing group thats out there dos not have a media empire[fox,limbaugh etc] egging them on and if you cant see this then tou’re just in denialWhat do you think?  6  0 










 


Tom 


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:47 pm 



The lefty’s just have all the others egging them on.
They have people who have tried to blow up police cars and kill cops advising their administrations and teaching their kids in colleges.
But this is all from me on the subject. I just hope the FBI is more open minded.What do you think?  0  11 










 


djchefron(Moderator) 


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:57 pm 



I’ll make a deal with you.If it was anyone and I mean anyone other than the right wing extremist I will apologize and if it was you will acknowledge the role of the hate from the right that was the cause of this Terrorist attackWhat do you think?  10  1 










 


Tom 


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 12:11 pm 



Well they are Muslim extremists from Chechnya.
Time for your apology.
Say “I was wrong to blame law abiding patriots with conservative views furthermore I should have been blaming Muslims”
I look forward to your apology.What do you think?  0  0 










 


djchefron(Moderator) 


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 12:23 pm 



I am sorry for jumping to conclusions.I still stand by my beleif that the right wing and what they are doing to our republic is homegrown terrorismWhat do you think?  0  0 










 


Tom 


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 1:31 pm 



I think that the leftist movement is destroying our republic, changing our Republic into a socialist republic but I have a open mind. I don’t think they that that makes them terrorists unless they are violent.
Like those on the right who are standing up for what they believe is best for our country,even though I consider many of their views misguided, I consider them patriots for standing up for them.
I happen to agree with leftys that some sensible gun control laws are good however due to past behavior I don’t trust the liberal lawmakers not to use them to carry out a hidden agenda.
I certainly don’t support the Republican Governor who overlooked the fact that an abortion clinic was killing live born, crying babies by sticking a scissors in their throat, because the public finding out might limit they availability of abortions.What do you think?  0  0 












 


PSzymeczek Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:43 pm 



The uprate was accidental. Disregard.What do you think?  0  0 










 


Reynardine Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 3:09 pm 



Forty-five years back, when lefties did blow things up, it was stuff like selective service offices and laboratories believed to be making stuff for chemical warfare. I never blew anything up, but as a portsider who was there, I can tell you that the meanest lefties America ever bred would not have regarded a public milieu sporting event full of civilians as fair game. Eric Rudolph and Timothy McVeigh did. You think about it.What do you think?  14  1 










 


djchefron(Moderator) 


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 3:14 pm 



I didn’t put it together but now come to think of it was he referring to Angela Davis?What do you think?  1  0 










 


Tom 


Apr. 19th, 2013 at 2:56 pm 



So common sense replys that you disagree with are deleted?What do you think?  0  0 
















 


mary adkins Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:15 am 



I’m concerned about the closeness to the observation of the anniversary of the April 19th Murrah Bombing. I’m from Oklahoma City and find the timing very disturbing. I also believe the attack may be domestic, but at this point is speculation.What do you think?  15  0 










 


Will Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:26 am 



I just adore how “patriotic” they think they are. They probably claim this while hanging confederate battle flags everywhere possible.What do you think?  17  0 










 


brigita Petrutis Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:28 am 



Thank you, Rmuse, for putting into precise words exactly what my initial gut reaction was telling me. Yes, we can speculate, but we have all (I hope) learned to not jump to conclusions. We have seen the erosion of personal liberties subsequent to 9/11, and acts of terror such as these are capable of bringing about the exact opposite effect, unfortunately. Which makes it that much more maddening, the logic (or lack thereof) which drives these insane criminals.What do you think?  11  0 










 


Reynardine Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:48 am 



The Guardian reports that these devices did not contain military type explosives, that they were small, and that they were planted in an area easily accessible to spectators after the last sweep, which was within half an hour before the runners were expected to appear. We can conclude that the perps were familiar with the Marathon and its security practices, and that he/they did not have present access to military materials. I would be very surprised if this were connected to either All Khaida or North Korea.What do you think?  8  1 










 


Shiva Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:53 am 



Definitely an inside American home grown actWhat do you think?  16  1 












 


Shiva Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:49 am 



there is absolutely nothing patriotic about the so-called patriot groups. All they want is the power to do whatever they want when they want.
But there is something that these idiots don’t understand. By taking power away from the government they are giving power to those among them who would be vastly more cruel than any government we could have.they do not understand that they would have no power if their dreams were to come true. It’s no different than a state religion being instituted. Christians may think that’s wonderful, but they have no idea that in order to maintain that state religion they have to maintain your life. Losing power as the worst thing that could happen to them.
Nobody from Saudi Arabia is going to come here with the purpose of bombing the Boston Marathon. Of course this is certainly just my opinion but the odds are these are one of the patriot, gun freak, what about me groups. They don’t have any idea how meaningless & pointless their actions…Others like it, What do you think?  24  2 










 


Ron Mabry Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 11:37 am 



Of all the Christians I know, and there are many, I don’t know of a one who thinks violating the intent of the founders of the U.S. and creating a state religion is acceptable.
I do know there is a form of racism that claims to base itself in Christianity but that does not make their cause “christian.”What do you think?  9  0 










 


Shiva Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 11:56 am 



I agree with you about most normal Christians not feeling that way. However I live around a large amount of southern Baptists, and they would be so happy to have religion in charge of our government. But as I related, they have no idea what they would be asking for.What do you think?  13  1 














 


Reynardine Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 11:12 am 



Also, if they knew when the first runners would cross, the chances are that they were in communication with an observer further up the course, and that the devices may also be cellphone responsive, so they could be triggered if it looked like another sweep would uncover them.What do you think?  4  0 










 


David Wilson Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 11:19 am 



Speculation : Crazy white guy who loves guns.What do you think?  13  1 










 


Reynardine Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 11:30 am 



Two: the bomber and the lookout.
I note that Tea Party Nation is already howling that this means that President Obama is soft on Mooslamic Terrorists. Under the doctrine of cui bono, this does cast the shadow of the Fickle Finger in their direction, doesn’t it?What do you think?  10  1 










 


Reynardineh Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 1:07 pm 



They are now screeching that the President staged it himself so he could accuse them and have them all locked up.What do you think?  6  1 










 


Reynardine 


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 1:09 pm 



This fucky little virtual keyboard even misspelled my name.What do you think?  0  1 














 


djchefron(Moderator) Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 11:46 am 



Who has been talking about nullification of Federal laws?Who has been talking about revolution? Who has from day one has been trying to nullify President Obama solely on the base of race? It aint Tyrone on the block.We do know thatWhat do you think?  15  0 










 


PSzymeczek Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 2:46 pm 



Who has been talking about nullification of Federal laws?
The Arizona Legislature, for one.What do you think?  5  0 














 


j Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 11:51 am 



Probably the work of some of the folks who get riled up by watching FOX, or listening to the crazy Bachmann.Peter King of New York is already giving dire warnings about terror plots, yes, Peter King – the same man who joyfully fundraised for the IRA and
was very happy with the hundreds of Irish & English they killed.What do you think?  10  1 










 


djchefron(Moderator) Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 1:09 pm 



At times I have felt uneasy about cameras everywhere.This is not one of those times.
The noose is tightning and if it’s true that the bombs were inside 6-liter pressure cookers and placed in black duffel bags, that seems both good and bad. It’s good because I don’t think you can walk around with a heavy black duffel bag without being caught on camera.Bad because someone walking around with large duffel bags and not once being stop and being searched?
talkingpointsmemo.com/new...What do you think?  5  0 










 


Reynardine Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 1:36 pm 



If it was two bombers, one small pressure cooker per duffel/rucksack might not attract notice.What do you think?  3  0 












 


tz Reply


Apr. 16th, 2013 at 10:21 pm 



I consider this thread to mostly be folly. It largely boils down to speculation and then politically charged arguments over said speculation. How about waiting for some facts to emerge first? Get a grip folks let’s act like adults already.What do you think?  0  0 










 


fwj Reply


Apr. 17th, 2013 at 9:50 am 



Does anyone find it also interesting that the parents of the Connecticut tragedy were also being honored at this event on Patriot’s Day?What do you think?  0  0 










 


Shiva Reply


Apr. 17th, 2013 at 9:52 am 



I certainly doWhat do you think?  0  0 









Javascript must be enabled to post comments.

Leave a Reply Cancel reply

Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Name * 
Email * 
Comment


 characters remaining out of a maximum of 1000

 You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <strike> <strong>  




Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted!  

Notice: Comments which contain too many CAPITAL LETTERS will be automatically modified to standard sentence case.

 




Our Latest on Facebook




 Recent Posts


Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives


Conservative Logic: Mass Shooters = More Guns, But 3 Immigrant Bombers = No Immigration


Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attack


House Republicans Praise Exxon for Arkansas Oil Spill That Taxpayers are Cleaning Up


After Calling Sandy Aid Wasteful, Ted Cruz Asks For All Available Resources for Texas



Recent Comments
glblank on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackphooeyrat on Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Livesdjchefron(Moderator) on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackfedded-up on Glenn Beck Calls for Obama’s Impeachment Over Boston Terrorist Attackaleda midgarden on Texas Is Anti-EPA and Their Citizens Have Paid With Their Lives


Shop our 4 More for 44 store




Public Service Advertisement




Our Sponsors

Blog advertising is good for you.





 





Jason Easley
Sarah Jones
Hrafnkell Haraldsson
rmuse



HOME
Sports
ALL TIME POPULAR POSTS
Proof of the GOP War on Women
The Dirty Thirty
Contact Us




©2008 - 2013,  PoliticusUSA.com. All rights reserved.




Website Privacy & Cookies






ruegger-cassey
[email protected]
[email protected]














politicususa.com Webutation










