One-way ticket to Mars: Astronaut application process set to begin for mission to the red planet - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    World         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          World     
  One-way ticket to Mars: Astronaut application process set to begin for mission to the red planet Private company Mars One hopes to land a person on Mars by 2023 in an attempt to establish a permanent colony.      By   David Knowles     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Tuesday, April 16, 2013, 6:33 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            Mars One/Bryan Versteeg 
	A sketch of the proposed colony on Mars by the organization Mars One. The company estimates it will cost $6 billion to send the first four astronauts to the planet. 
   
	Last stop, Mars.

	The application process for budding astronauts who hope to be the first human beings to set foot on Mars is set to begin this summer.

Mars One, the private company that hopes to land a person on the surface of the red planet by 2023, will begin accepting videos made by prospective astronauts along with a small application fee that will go toward funding the ambitious colonization project.

	"We expect a million applications with 1-minute videos, and hopefully some of those videos will go viral,” Bas Lansdorp, Mars One co-founder and chief executive officer, told SPACE.com
RELATED: SEE IT: MARS LANDSCAPE IN STUNNING 360 PANORAMA VIA CURIOSITY ROVER

Mars One/Bryan Versteeg 
A sketch of the proposed colony on Mars by the organization Mars One. 

	The applicants will need to have had their fill of life on Earth, as there are no current plans for a return journey from Mars. Instead, 24 astronauts will be selected to establish a permanent Martian colony.

	Judging from early response, Mars One will have more than a few people to choose from.

	So far, 45,000 people have registered on the company’s mailing list, and 10,000 aspiring astronauts have expressed a desire to apply, SPACE.com reported.

	Still, while the initial interest is intriguing, Mars One faces no small challenge when it comes to funding the missions. While the maximum application fee will be just $25, Mars One estimates that it will cost a whopping $6 billion to send the first four astronauts to the red planet.
RELATED: NASA PLANS TO TOW ASTEROID INTO EARTH'S ORBIT

Mars One/Bryan Versteeg 
In order to raise extra cash for the cost-exorbitant mission, Mars One plans to market the application and selection process as a reality show.  

	In order to help bridge the budget shortfall, Mars One hopes to market its application, selection, and training phases as reality television offerings.

	“We can prove to the broadcasters that there is real demand and interest, and we will start negotiations after the [astronaut] selection procedure begins,” Lansdorp told SPACE.com.

	Whether or not the company can come close to covering its costs, would-be astronauts will soon be encouraged to apply.

	On its website, the company listed resiliency, adaptability, curiosity, ability to trust, and creativity/resourcefulness as the six most important qualities for an applicant, but also mentioned a few others.

	“The applicant must be free from any disease, any dependency on drugs, alcohol or tobacco, must have the normal range of motion and functionality in all joints, visual acuity in both eyes of 100% (20/20) either uncorrected or corrected with lenses or contact lenses, free from any psychiatric disorders,” the website states. “It is important to be healthy, with an age- and gender-adequate fitness level. Blood pressure should not exceed 140/90 measured in a sitting position. The standing height must be between [5 feet, 2 inches and 6 feet, 3 inches].”

	At a New York news conference scheduled for April 22, Mars One will further detail how those who are ready to abandon Earth can proceed. 

DKnowles@nydailynews.com
   
 
 Post a Comment » 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'     10   Two children found living in storage unit         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student      10   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links                   Editor's Picks    Boston bombing suspects affect tone of immigration debate     As the Senate convened its first hearing on a bipartsan effort to give 11 million law-abiding undocumented immigrants a shot at citizenship, senators opposed to the bill invoked the mayhem apparently carried out by the ethnic Chechen siblings in Boston.     Harvey outduels Strasburg as Mets defeat Nationals     Friday night was all about Matt Harvey vs. Stephen Strasburg, two of the game’s brilliant young guns. The first must-see Mets game in quite some time – one that even had Doc Gooden making a rare appearance at Citi Field, one that inspired him to tweet, “Nothing like an old school pitching duel.”     Boston Marathon bombings manhunt: A timeline     One cop is dead and another is wounded as police hunt suspects wanted for the Boston Marathon bombings. One suspect is dead; another is on the run. The entire Boston metro area is on lockdown.      Senator lied to mom of shooting vic about backing gun laws     One of the U.S. senators who voted against gun control legislation Wednesday lied to a heartbroken mother whose son was killed in the Aurora, Colo., movie massacre, she says.     Pettitte keeps new-look Blue Jays off balance in Yanks' 9-4 win     Andy Pettitte's back seemed just fine Friday night. Brandon Morrow and the Blue Jays, on the other hand, might be feeling some neck stiffness after watching one ball after another leave the yard.     Richards records first career hat trick as Rangers rout Oilers     Brad Richards has struggled mightily this season, and just three days prior he looked like a broken man in a losing locker room in Philadelphia. But on Friday, he picked up his first hat trick in 12 NHL seasons as the Rangers scored eight goals for the first time since Nov. 14, 2010, against the Edmonton Oilers.     Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.      Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Satellite finds three potentially life-friendly planets            Scientists have yet to find alien life forms or another world where water flows freely, but a recent discovery makes them thinking they are on the brink of locating many Earth-like planets. 

      On Thursday, astronomers announced in two different studies that NASA's Kepler telescope had spotted three far-off planets that could potentially support life.      
  World News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   