BBC News - Texas fertiliser plant blast: Fourteen bodies found






       

                Accessibility links  Skip to content Skip to local navigation Accessibility Help      bbc.co.uk navigation   News   Sport   Weather   Travel   Future   Autos   TV   Radio   More…         Search term:             




US & Canada







Home
US & Canada
Latin America
UK
Africa
Asia
Europe
Mid-East
Business
Health
Sci/Environment
Tech
Entertainment
Video


























19 April 2013
Last updated at 17:53 ET


Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print





Texas fertiliser plant blast: Fourteen bodies found


Police say there is no reason to believe the blast was not an accident


Continue reading the main story Related Stories


In pictures: Fertiliser plant blast


Eyewitness accounts


'Blown out of my chair' Watch



The number of people killed in an explosion at a US fertiliser plant has risen from 12 to 14, after officials recovered two more bodies.
Another 200 people were reportedly hurt in the blast in the state of Texas.
Texas US Senator John Cornyn said some 60 people were thought to still be missing, but stressed the number was expected to come down as search and rescue efforts continued.
The blast destroyed dozens of buildings in the town of West, near Waco.
Earlier, the town's mayor said he believed four firefighters who attended the original fire were among the dead, though this has not been confirmed.
Investigators were still looking for clues as to what may have caused the blast, officials said on Friday.
'Terrible tragedy'
Officials confirmed they had recovered two more bodies on Friday, raising the death toll from 12 to 14.
Jason Reyes of the Texas Department of Public Safety said search and rescue efforts were still ongoing.
Meanwhile Senator Cornyn said local authorities had told him that some 60 people remained unaccounted for in this "terrible tragedy".
But he warned "to take that with a grain of caution" as many of the missing may be in hospital, staying with friends or relatives, or may have left town.


Residents held vigils as search and rescue efforts continued 

There was no indication that the blast and a fire which preceded it were anything other than industrial accidents, according to police.
However, they said that the site was being treated as a crime scene.
The explosion produced a tremor similar to a small earthquake.
A resident near the plant told the AFP news agency his home had sustained major damage in the explosion.
"I saw the house, it's in bad shape," he was quoted as saying.
"The door is blown in, windows are blown in. All of the ceiling has collapsed on to the floor."
Texas Governor Rick Perry earlier said he was declaring the area a disaster and would request an emergency declaration for federal aid from President Barack Obama, who has offered any help needed.
Air quality and gas pipelines are being monitored for safety, and gas supplies have also been disconnected until any risk has passed.
Emergency services officials earlier said the explosion might have been caused by the chemical ammonia.
The explosion devastated the West Fertilizer Company, about 20 miles (32km) north of Waco, in central Texas. 
Dozens of homes were levelled and other buildings - including a school and nursing home a few hundred metres from the plant - were badly damaged. 




More on This Story


Related Stories



In pictures: Fertiliser plant blast

18 APRIL 2013,                                                
                                                US & CANADA



Eyewitness accounts

18 APRIL 2013,                                                
                                                US & CANADA



'Blown out of my chair' Watch

18 APRIL 2013,                                                
                                                US & CANADA








From other news sites


ONE News  Investigators search for cause of deadly Texas blast 50 mins ago


Chicago Tribune  Investigators seek cause of Texas blast, at least 14 dead 1 hr ago


Reuters  UPDATE 2-Investigators seek cause of Texas blast that killed at least 14 1 hr ago


Yahoo! UK and Ireland  Investigators seek cause of Texas blast that killed at least 14 1 hr ago


Sky News  Texas Blast: 14 Bodies Pulled From Rubble 4 hrs ago


About these results











Share this page


Delicious


Digg


Facebook


reddit


StumbleUpon


Twitter


Email


Print
















More US & Canada stories
RSS




Boston marathon 'bomber' captured

The teenage suspect in the Boston Marathon bombings is in custody after being found hiding in a boat in a backyard of a suburb, police say.



US approves Dreamliner battery fix




House passes cyber security bill












Top stories



Boston marathon 'bomber' captured


Deadly earthquake strikes Sichuan


Serbia and Kosovo in landmark accord


Venezuela's Nicolas Maduro sworn in


'Most Earth-like' worlds detected









Features & Analysis




Forgotten village 

The community in limbo, with no police, bank or doctor  	
				  




Pipe dreams

How is it possible to build a tunnel for large ships? 	
				  




BP's Deepwater Horizon, three years on

A new way to explore the story in video 	
				  




Day in pictures

Twenty-four hours of news photos from around the world 	
				  






Most Popular
Shared




1: Tributes to Floyd artist Thorgerson



2: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect



3: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



4: 'Most Earth-like' worlds detected



5: Tanzania's Maasai battle game hunters for grazing land



Read




1: Gunfire heard amid Boston manhunt



2: Earthquake strikes Sichuan, China



3: Updates: Manhunt for Boston suspect



4: Cispa cyber bill passed by US House



5: Boston: Internet detectives get it wrong



6: Profile: The Tsarnaev brothers 



7: Who, what, why: Why build a ship tunnel?



8: Muslim Americans await the bomber's ID 



9: Texas explosion deaths rise to 14



10: US team's battery 'breakthrough'



Video/Audio




1: Second Boston bomber suspect in custody Watch



2: 'We're exhausted, but have a victory' Watch



3: Crowds cheer police as suspect captured Watch



4: Boston suspects' father speaks out Watch



5: World's oldest person turns 116 Watch



6: Shots fired in Boston bomber manhunt Watch



7: Boston Muslims react to marathon bombs Watch



8: Huge manhunt for Boston bomb suspect Watch



9: Boston attacks: SWAT searches house Watch



10: Hands on with Alonso's F1 simulator Watch












Elsewhere on the BBC



Scrubbing the skies 

Is capturing atmospheric carbon the most important thing we can do to save our planet? 















Programmes



Click Watch

Google reveals more about its smart glasses plus other tech news




















Services

 Mobile
 Connected TV
 News feeds
 Alerts
 E-mail news



About BBC News

Editors' blog
BBC College of Journalism
News sources
Media Action
Editorial Guidelines




    BBC links    Mobile siteTerms of UseAbout the BBC     Advertise With UsPrivacyBBC Help     Ad ChoicesCookiesAccessibility Help     Parental GuidanceContact Us       BBC © 2013 The BBC is not responsible for the content of external sites. Read more. This page is best viewed in an up-to-date web browser with style sheets (CSS) enabled. While you will be able to view the content of this page in your current browser, you will not be able to get the full visual experience. Please consider upgrading your browser software or enabling style sheets (CSS) if you are able to do so.  








































    





