SEE IT: Massive explosion near Waco, Texas injures at least 160, between 5 to 15 feared dead - NY Daily News 











                  Friday, April 19, 2013  NYDailyNews.com /    U.S         Follow @nydailynews        


Jobs


Classifieds


Contests


Reader Offers


Home Delivery


Services


Apps

   Search Field      site   web   blogs  Powered by Yahoo   
   Daily News  
   America    New York      News     More of News :   U.S     World     Desi     2013 NYC Elections     Crime     The Week     News Pics     Blogs       Politics   Sports     Showbiz     Opinion     Living     Photos     Video    Autos    
          U.S     
  SEE IT: Massive explosion near Waco, Texas injures at least 160, between 5 to 15 feared dead The explosion at West Fertilizer in downtown West, a community about 20 miles north of Waco, happened around 7 p.m. and could be heard as far away as Waxahachie, 45 miles to the north.     By   Ginger Adams Otis     / NEW YORK DAILY NEWS    Published: Wednesday, April 17, 2013, 10:49 PM  Updated: Thursday, April 18, 2013, 3:20 PM                 Print            Print  Comment            Rod Aydelotte/Waco Tribune Herald via AP 
	A person looks on as emergency workers fight a house fire after a near by fertilizer plant exploded in West, Texas. 
   
	Rescue workers were scrambling through the smoking ruins of a Texas fertilizer plant Thursday in a desperate bid to find survivors after a monstrous explosion flattened buildings in every direction and may have left as many as 15 dead.

	Officials put the death count at anywhere between five and 15 and the number of injured at 160 at an early morning press conference.

	The search was on for more victims and several missing volunteer firefighters as the sun came up on a scene of shocking devastation — with reports of looting adding to the chaos.


Andy Bartee/AP 
In this Instagram photo provided by Andy Bartee, a plume of smoke rises from a fertilizer plant fire in West, Texas on Wednesday, April 17, 2013. 

	The blast inside the West Fertilizer factory, located in West, Texas, about 80 miles south of Dallas, occurred at 7:53 p.m. Wednesday.

	Most of the town’s volunteer firefighters were already inside the plant, responding to a 7:30 p.m. report of a small fire, when the explosion occurred, Waco Police Sgt. William Patrick Swanton said.

	The firefighters had immediately begun moving workers out of the chemical-filled plant, where ammonia, among other things, was stored.


LM Otero/AP 
Firefighters check a destroyed apartment complex near the fertilizer plant that exploded. 
PHOTOS: WEST, TEXAS FERTILIZER PLANT EXPLOSION
	“They realized the seriousness of what they had,” Swanton said.

	Firefighters were also working to evacuate the area around the plant when the blast sent flames shooting into the sky. Scalding hot embers and debris rained down on frightened residents, who ran for cover.


LARRY W. SMITH/EPA 
Twisted remains of a fertilizer plant and other buildings and vehicles after the horrific explosion. 

	The killer explosion shook the ground with the power of a small earthquake and smashed roofs, walls and floors in a four-block radius around the burning fertilizer plant.

	Some 50 to 75 houses were “totally decimated,” officials said, with one apartment complex reduced to “a skeleton.”

	Anyone who could help rushed to evacuate the nearby West Rest Haven Nursing Home, hustling 133 patients, some in wheelchairs, to safer locations.


Joe Berti/Twitter via Reuters 
A column of smoke rises after an explosion at a fertilizer plant north of Waco, Texas on Wednesday night. 

	Information was still “very limited” from the scene, where rescuers were trying to dig beneath the smoking rubble for anyone trapped below, according to Swanton.
RELATED: WATCH IT: FOOTAGE SHOWS BLAST FROM TEXAS FERTILIZER PLANT FIRE
	As many as five emergency personnel were missing and may be among the dead.


@NewsBreaker via Twitter 
A photo captures the scene of a fire at the fertilizer plant in West, Texas. 

	“(Rescuers) have not gotten to the point of no return where they don’t think that there’s anybody still alive,” Swanton said.

	Police reported some looting overnight — which poses a serious concern for community, he said.

	The neighborhood around the disaster site was locked down to prevent further problems, he said.


Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News via AP 
The explosion at the fertilizer plant in West, Texas took place shortly before 8 p.m. 

	The site is being treated as a crime scene, but there’s no indications the fire wasn’t accidental, Swanton said, laying to rest fears the blast was connected to a coordinated attack Monday at the Boston Marathon that killed three and injured hundreds.

	The West Factory explosion may be the worst U.S. industrial disaster since a Texas refinery blast in 2005 that killed 15 and injured 170.
PHOTOS: PHOTOS OF THE DAY FROM AROUND THE WORLD: APRIL 17

Michael Ainsworth/The Dallas Morning News via AP 
The explosion could be heard as far as 45 miles away. 

	Local, state and federal officials are still trying to figure out how many workers were in the West Fertilizer plant itself — not to mention the residents in the many homes around it.

	The fertilizer plant, owned by Adair Grain Inc., was cited by the Texas Commission on Environmental Quality in 2006 for failing to obtain or to qualify for a permit.

	The agency acted after receiving a complaint in June of that year of a strong ammonia smell.


Rod Aydelotte/Waco Tribune Herald via AP 
A firefighter searches a nursing home that was damaged after an explosion at a nearby by fertilizer plant Wednesday. 

	In a safety report filed with the federal Environmental Protection Agency, the fertilizer company swore it was at no risk of fire or explosion, according to documents obtained by the Dallas Morning News.

	“West Fertilizer Co. reported having as much as 54,000 pounds of anhydrous ammonia on hand in an emergency planning report required of facilities that use toxic or hazardous chemicals,” the newspaper reported.

	But the company checked the “NO” box when asked if there was any risk of fire or explosion, according to the Dallas paper, which did not specify the date of the report.


Rod Aydelotte/Waco Tribune Herald via AP 
An injured nursing home resident is evacuated after the explosion at the nearby fertilizer plant in West, Texas.  
PHOTOS: TWO EXPLOSIONS ROCK BOSTON MARATHON FINISH LINE
	The company told the EPA its worst-case scenario would be a 10-minute release of ammonia gas that would essentially be harmless, the newspaper reported.

	In the hours after the blast, West residents wandered the dark, windy streets searching for shelter. Among them was Julie Zahirniako, who said she and her son, Anthony, had been playing at a school playground near the fertilizer plant when the explosion hit. The explosion threw her son four feet in the air, breaking his ribs.


Rod Aydelotte/Waco Tribune Herald via AP 
Emergency workers evacuate elderly from a damaged nursing home following an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas just outside Waco. 

	“The fire was so high,” Zahirniako said. “It was just as loud as it could be. The ground and everything was shaking.”

	William Burch and his wife, a retired Air Force nurse, entered the damaged nursing home before first responders arrived. They split up, searching separate wings, and found residents in wheelchairs trapped in their rooms. The halls were dark and the ceilings had collapsed.

	Water filled the hallways and electrical wires hung eerily from the ceilings.


Rod Aydelotte/Waco Tribune Herald via AP 
An elderly person is assisted at a staging area at a local school stadium following an explosion at a fertilizer plant in West, Texas, just outside Waco.  

	“They had Sheetrock that was on top of them. You had to remove that,” Burch said. It was “completely chaotic.”
PHOTOS: BOSTON MARATHON ATTACK: HUNDREDS GATHER FOR VIGIL
	The scene was reminiscent of the 1995 Oklahoma City bombing that destroyed a building in the heart of the city.


wfaa.com/NEWS 8 ABC 
The blast forced authorities to call for an evacuation. 

	Authorities said the plant made materials similar to that used to fuel the bomb that tore apart Oklahoma’s Murrah Federal Building.

	Dozens of emergency vehicles amassed in West at the factory’s burned-out shell in the hours after the blast. Firefighters used flashlights to search the still-burning skeleton of an apartment complex that was all but destroyed.

	All that remained of a nearby house was the fireplace and chimney, standing tall among smoldering embers of what was once someone’s home.

	About 100 of the injured were treated at Hillcrest Baptist Medical Center in Waco, where five people were in intensive care. Another 65 were taken to Providence Health Center in Waco.

	Officials said the injuries included broken bones, bruises, lacerations, respiratory distress, and some head injuries and minor burns.

	The U.S. Chemical Safety Board said it was deploying a large investigation team to West. An Alcohol, Tobacco and Firearms national response team that investigates all large fires and explosions also was coming in, bringing fire investigators, certified explosives specialists, chemists, canines and forensic specialists. But entry to the blast site wasn’t expected until later.

	“It’s still too hot to get in there,” said Franceska Perot, an ATF spokeswoman.

	With News Wire Services

gotis@nydailynews.com
   
 
 Post a Comment »  
  
  
 
   Comments   See All Comments  [Discussion Guidelines ]  To post your comments, please, Sign in » . X           Show more comments         Ads by Yahoo!                Most Popular      Most Read   Most Shared      1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Boston bomb suspect's website has Islam links      9   Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat     10   Boston Marathon runner questioned by cops says 'I didn't do it.'         1   Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     2   Did suspected bomber walk past youngest victim? Photo appears to show two together     3   Bomb victim helped ID suspects from hospital bed      4   One suspect in Boston Marathon bombings DEAD     5   Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives     6   Cambridge gas station attendant has brush with Boston bomb suspects: report       7   FBI releases images of Boston bombing suspects     8   Obama and Putin pledge joint counter-terrorism efforts     9   Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat     10   Teacher: I’m too racist to  molest black student                   Editor's Picks    Boston Marathon suspects Tamerlan, Dzhokhar Tsarnaev appeared to lead normal lives           They were the terrorists next door. Tamerlan and Dzokhar Tsarnaev had lived in the United States for years and appeared from the outside to be living normal lives - the older brother even declaring himself an Olympic hopeful for the U.S. boxing team.      Activists tout marijuana acceptance on 4/20 Day     This 4/20 Day, pot supporters have even more reason to celebrate.     Boston bombing suspects affect tone of immigration debate     As the Senate convened its first hearing on a bipartsan effort to give 11 million law-abiding undocumented immigrants a shot at citizenship, senators opposed to the bill invoked the mayhem apparently carried out by the ethnic Chechen siblings in Boston.     Harvey outduels Strasburg as Mets defeat Nationals     Friday night was all about Matt Harvey vs. Stephen Strasburg, two of the game’s brilliant young guns. The first must-see Mets game in quite some time – one that even had Doc Gooden making a rare appearance at Citi Field, one that inspired him to tweet, “Nothing like an old school pitching duel.”     Boston Marathon bombings manhunt: A timeline     One cop is dead and another is wounded as police hunt suspects wanted for the Boston Marathon bombings. One suspect is dead; another is on the run. The entire Boston metro area is on lockdown.      Senator lied to mom of shooting vic about backing gun laws     One of the U.S. senators who voted against gun control legislation Wednesday lied to a heartbroken mother whose son was killed in the Aurora, Colo., movie massacre, she says.     Pettitte keeps new-look Blue Jays off balance in Yanks' 9-4 win     Andy Pettitte's back seemed just fine Friday night. Brandon Morrow and the Blue Jays, on the other hand, might be feeling some neck stiffness after watching one ball after another leave the yard.     Richards records first career hat trick as Rangers rout Oilers     Brad Richards has struggled mightily this season, and just three days prior he looked like a broken man in a losing locker room in Philadelphia. But on Friday, he picked up his first hat trick in 12 NHL seasons as the Rangers scored eight goals for the first time since Nov. 14, 2010, against the Edmonton Oilers.     Watertown man finds bomber holed up in his boat           He was in a boatload of trouble, and that’s where cops found him. 

      Dzhokhar Tsarnaev, 19, was discovered in the bottom of a rare, 1980s pleasure boat in the backyard of a Watertown, Mass., home just after 6 p.m. by the shocked owner David Henneberry, his family told the Daily News.      Crowdfunding sites help Boston Marathon victims            In the four days since twin bombs exploded at the finish line of the Boston Marathon, friends and family have raised more than $1 million for the victims through online crowdfunded campaigns. And the numbers keep growing.     Bossert's Aqueduct analysis: April 20     Charlie’s Punch goes first time off the Ness claim (39%) after failing as the chalk when third in last. Bizarroworld has failed as the chalk in last two starts but could be loose on the lead. Raffie’s Starcan rally for a minor reward.     Cops closing in on second Boston Marathon suspect     Watertown residents reported dozens of gunshots Friday night as authorities continued their hunt for the last surviving suspect in the Boston Marathon bombing.     World's oldest person turns 116           Jiroemon Kimura’s 116th birthday celebration on Friday included a message from the Japanese Prime Minister and a visit from the mayor. 

      Yes, his 116th birthday. 

      Kimura was born in 1897, and today he was officially certified as both the world's oldest living person and the oldest living man.      Day at the Races: April 20     Kentucky Derby points are on the line on Saturday at Keeneland in the Lexington Stakes, but it may not affect the Derby. The top four finishers will earn 20-8-4-2 points, respectively, in the Lexington and could likely earn a spot in the May 4 Derby field, but the connections of the runners have indicated they would likely pass the race in favor of the May 18 Preakness Stakes.     PHOTOS: Chechen suspects show moments before setting off bombs     The Chechen immigrant suspects in the Boston Marathon bombings placed one of their explosives near a Russian flag flying close to the race’s finish line.     Boston cops get advanced screening of Sandra Bullock film 'The Heat'     "The Heat," a new cop comedy starring Sandra Bullock and Melissa McCarthy, will be screened in advance on Friday night for an audience of Boston federal agents and police officers.            News Video

   

       





















Media Kit
Autos
Home Delivery
Newsletters
Businesses
Place an Ad
About our Ads
Contact Us
FAQ's
Feeds
Site Map




            Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and
            Privacy Policy. 
           
© Copyright 2013 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.




 









   